
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000072                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    72161000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   72161000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 153033                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   157714                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7855525                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 885000                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1405757                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1448763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst         38016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data         50048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data          1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu16.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu16.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu17.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu17.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu18.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu18.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu19.inst          3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu19.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu20.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu20.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu21.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu21.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu22.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu22.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu23.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu23.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu24.inst          3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu24.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu25.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu25.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu26.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu26.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu27.inst          3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu27.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu28.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu28.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu29.inst          3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu29.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu30.inst          3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu30.data          1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu31.inst          3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu31.data          1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             223296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst        38016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu16.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu17.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu18.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu19.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu20.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu21.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu22.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu23.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu24.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu25.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu26.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu27.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu28.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu29.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu30.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu31.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        140544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks         2880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            2880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst            594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data            782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data             18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu16.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu16.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu17.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu17.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu18.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu18.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu19.inst             50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu19.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu20.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu20.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu21.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu21.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu22.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu22.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu23.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu23.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu24.inst             52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu24.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu25.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu25.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu26.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu26.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu27.inst             55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu27.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu28.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu28.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu29.inst             54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu29.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu30.inst             51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu30.data             16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu31.inst             53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu31.data             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks            45                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 45                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst        526821968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data        693560233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data         15964302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst         46119095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu16.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu16.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu17.inst         44345283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu17.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu18.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu18.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu19.inst         44345283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu19.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu20.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu20.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu21.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu21.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu22.inst         47006000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu22.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu23.inst         46119095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu23.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu24.inst         46119095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu24.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu25.inst         47006000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu25.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu26.inst         48779812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu26.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu27.inst         48779812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu27.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu28.inst         47892906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu28.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu29.inst         47892906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu29.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu30.inst         45232189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu30.data         14190491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu31.inst         47006000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu31.data         15077396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3094413880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst    526821968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst     46119095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu16.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu17.inst     44345283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu18.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu19.inst     44345283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu20.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu21.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu22.inst     47006000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu23.inst     46119095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu24.inst     46119095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu25.inst     47006000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu26.inst     48779812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu27.inst     48779812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu28.inst     47892906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu29.inst     47892906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu30.inst     45232189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu31.inst     47006000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total       1947644850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        39910755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             39910755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        39910755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst       526821968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data       693560233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data        15964302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst        46119095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu16.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu16.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu17.inst        44345283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu17.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu18.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu18.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu19.inst        44345283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu19.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu20.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu20.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu21.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu21.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu22.inst        47006000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu22.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu23.inst        46119095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu23.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu24.inst        46119095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu24.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu25.inst        47006000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu25.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu26.inst        48779812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu26.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu27.inst        48779812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu27.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu28.inst        47892906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu28.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu29.inst        47892906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu29.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu30.inst        45232189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu30.data        14190491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu31.inst        47006000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu31.data        15077396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3134324635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3490                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         45                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3490                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       45                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 222976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  223360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 2880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           22                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                       462                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      72152500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3490                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   45                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                      87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                     129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                     165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                    140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                    162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                    146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                    113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                     85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    314.553191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.565451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   366.104952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          358     50.78%     50.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          104     14.75%     65.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           44      6.24%     71.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           27      3.83%     75.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      1.84%     77.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      2.55%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      1.99%     81.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.70%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          115     16.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           2229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2229.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    208891500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               274216500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   17420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     59957.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                78707.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      3089.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   3095.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     39.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        24.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    24.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       4.84                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2780                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       6                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                13.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      20410.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  4929120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  2689500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                24726000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  84240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              4577040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             47574765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               472500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               85053165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           1209.150605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       2340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      67640750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   309960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   169125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 1872000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  19440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              4577040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             33192810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             13085250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               53225625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            756.731060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21503250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       2340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      46506750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu00.branchPred.lookups                 16880                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.condPredicted           14142                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu00.branchPred.condIncorrect            1028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBLookups              12896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHits                  9314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHitPct           72.223945                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu00.branchPred.usedRAS                  1138                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu00.branchPred.RASInCorrect               15                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls               1052                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                         144323                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.fetch.icacheStallCycles            25541                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu00.fetch.Insts                       111846                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu00.fetch.Branches                     16880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu00.fetch.predictedBranches            10452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu00.fetch.Cycles                       80377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu00.fetch.SquashCycles                  2279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            4                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu00.fetch.CacheLines                   11522                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 589                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::samples           107061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.190620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.568093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::0                  84548     78.97%     78.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::1                   1697      1.59%     80.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::2                   2245      2.10%     82.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::3                   1146      1.07%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::4                   2791      2.61%     86.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::5                    979      0.91%     87.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::6                   2811      2.63%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::7                   1833      1.71%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::8                   9011      8.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::total             107061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.branchRate                0.116960                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.fetch.rate                      0.774970                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.decode.IdleCycles                  18742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu00.decode.BlockedCycles               70608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu00.decode.RunCycles                    9920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu00.decode.UnblockCycles                6955                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu00.decode.SquashCycles                  836                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu00.decode.BranchResolved               1184                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu00.decode.BranchMispred                 314                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu00.decode.DecodedInsts               113188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.decode.SquashedInsts                1180                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.rename.SquashCycles                  836                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu00.rename.IdleCycles                  21622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu00.rename.BlockCycles                  4444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu00.rename.RunCycles                   13863                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu00.rename.UnblockCycles               41634                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedInsts               110515                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu00.rename.ROBFullEvents                  62                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu00.rename.IQFullEvents                13841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu00.rename.LQFullEvents                  122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu00.rename.SQFullEvents                26822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedOperands            128361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu00.rename.RenameLookups              539115                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu00.rename.int_rename_lookups         158815                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.fp_rename_lookups              22                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.CommittedMaps              100216                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu00.rename.UndoneMaps                  28145                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu00.rename.serializingInsts              208                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.skidInsts                   34656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedLoads              13520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedStores             18332                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingLoads             634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingStores            471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsAdded                   107446                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsIssued                   90320                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            2127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         22337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        85217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           94                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       107061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       0.843631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.967804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             59818     55.87%     55.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              4166      3.89%     59.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             43077     40.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        107061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               57790     63.98%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               5245      5.81%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            3      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11143     12.34%     82.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             16139     17.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::total                90320                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.rate                         0.625818                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           289772                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          130150                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        89149                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                56                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               28                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.int_alu_accesses                90292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             85                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         3791                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2539                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           57                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu00.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu00.iew.iewSquashCycles                  836                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu00.iew.iewBlockCycles                  3026                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            107818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              97                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               13520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              18332                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   15                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 780                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          237                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.branchMispredicts                763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecutedInsts               89843                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10922                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu00.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_nop                           8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_refs                      26934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_branches                  10911                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_stores                    16012                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_rate                   0.622513                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu00.iew.wb_sent                        89420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu00.iew.wb_count                       89177                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_producers                   57201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_consumers                  135200                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.iew.wb_rate                     0.617899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu00.iew.wb_fanout                   0.423084                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu00.commit.commitSquashedInsts         22348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu00.commit.branchMispredicts             725                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       103730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.823995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.532117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        68071     65.62%     65.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11020     10.62%     76.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16602     16.01%     92.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2330      2.25%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          853      0.82%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1078      1.04%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2263      2.18%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          225      0.22%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1288      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       103730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committedInsts              74143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.commit.committedOps                85473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu00.commit.refs                        25522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu00.commit.loads                        9729                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu00.commit.membars                       126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu00.commit.branches                    10211                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu00.commit.fp_insts                       28                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.int_insts                   76052                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.function_calls                440                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          54771     64.08%     64.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          5177      6.06%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            3      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9729     11.38%     81.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        15793     18.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::total           85473                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.bw_lim_events                1288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu00.rob.rob_reads                     209118                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu00.rob.rob_writes                    218984                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu00.timesIdled                           395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu00.idleCycles                         37262                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu00.committedInsts                     74143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu00.committedOps                       85473                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu00.cpi                             1.946549                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu00.cpi_total                       1.946549                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu00.ipc                             0.513730                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu00.ipc_total                       0.513730                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_reads                 126367                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_writes                 54488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_reads                    4982                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_writes                      6                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_reads                  301177                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_writes                  50074                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_reads                 29197                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_writes                  114                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements              71                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         416.143015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs             17934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.694400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   416.143015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.406390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.406390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.541016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           53523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses          53523                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data        10331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         10331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data         7504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         7504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data        17835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total          17835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data        17838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total         17838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data         8137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data         8422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         8422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data     17368749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17368749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data    471531725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471531725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data       127250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       127250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data        25499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        25499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.data    488900474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    488900474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.data    488900474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    488900474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data        10616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data        15641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data           54                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        26257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total        26257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data        26260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total        26260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.026846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.520235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.520235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.320753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.320753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.320716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.320716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 60942.978947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60942.978947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 57949.087502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57949.087502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 42416.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42416.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 12749.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12749.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 58050.400617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58050.400617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 58050.400617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58050.400617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.466667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           11                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         7508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         7508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         7632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.data         7632                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7632                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     10826750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10826750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     41812001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41812001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data       117250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       117250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data        18001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        18001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     52638751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52638751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     52638751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52638751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.015166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.040215                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040215                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.030087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.030084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 67246.894410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67246.894410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 66473.769475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66473.769475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 39083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  9000.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9000.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 66631.330380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66631.330380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 66631.330380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66631.330380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements             219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         284.391314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs             10759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs             594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           18.112795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   284.391314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.555452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.555452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.732422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses           23638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses          23638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst        10759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         10759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst        10759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total          10759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst        10759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total         10759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst          763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst          763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total          763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total          763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     46230250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46230250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     46230250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46230250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     46230250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46230250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst        11522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        11522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total        11522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst        11522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total        11522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.066221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.066221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.066221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60590.104849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60590.104849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60590.104849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60590.104849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60590.104849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60590.104849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           14                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     35863750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35863750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     35863750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35863750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst     35863750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35863750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.051640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.051640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.051640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60275.210084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60275.210084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60275.210084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60275.210084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 60275.210084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60275.210084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.branchPred.lookups                 15645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.condPredicted           14905                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu01.branchPred.condIncorrect             184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBLookups              13215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHits                  8484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.199773                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu01.branchPred.usedRAS                   343                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu01.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                          50961                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu01.fetch.Insts                        77885                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu01.fetch.Branches                     15645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu01.fetch.predictedBranches             8827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu01.fetch.Cycles                       36833                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu01.fetch.SquashCycles                   499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu01.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu01.fetch.CacheLines                    3799                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu01.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::samples            42601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.901106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.244216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::0                  30606     71.84%     71.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::1                    682      1.60%     73.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::2                    264      0.62%     74.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::3                    619      1.45%     75.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::4                    539      1.27%     76.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::5                    460      1.08%     77.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::6                    522      1.23%     79.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::7                    938      2.20%     81.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::8                   7971     18.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::total              42601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.branchRate                0.306999                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.fetch.rate                      1.528326                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.decode.IdleCycles                   4727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu01.decode.BlockedCycles               27721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu01.decode.RunCycles                    2174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu01.decode.UnblockCycles                7757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu01.decode.SquashCycles                  222                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu01.decode.BranchResolved                340                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu01.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu01.decode.DecodedInsts                75308                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu01.rename.SquashCycles                  222                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu01.rename.IdleCycles                   7353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu01.rename.BlockCycles                  3653                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu01.rename.serializeStallCycles         3152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu01.rename.RunCycles                    7153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu01.rename.UnblockCycles               21068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedInsts                74358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu01.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu01.rename.IQFullEvents                20469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu01.rename.LQFullEvents                  264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu01.rename.RenamedOperands            123403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu01.rename.RenameLookups              362004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu01.rename.int_rename_lookups         105465                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu01.rename.CommittedMaps              111784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu01.rename.UndoneMaps                  11615                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu01.rename.serializingInsts               85                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.skidInsts                   38210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedLoads              12515                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedStores              1536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingLoads             659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingStores            299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsAdded                    73624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               141                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu01.iq.iqInstsIssued                   69691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             771                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          7041                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        29650                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        42601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.635901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.748950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7016     16.47%     16.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1479      3.47%     19.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             34106     80.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         42601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               51951     74.54%     74.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      4.41%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              13402     19.23%     98.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1262      1.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::total                69691                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.rate                         1.367536                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           182752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           80814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        67594                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.int_alu_accesses                69691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              6                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          333                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1783                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu01.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu01.iew.iewSquashCycles                  222                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu01.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             73768                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               12515                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               71                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   23                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           97                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.branchMispredicts                166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecutedInsts               69541                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               13291                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu01.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_refs                      14545                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_branches                  13302                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_stores                     1254                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_rate                   1.364593                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu01.iew.wb_sent                        67666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu01.iew.wb_count                       67594                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_producers                   51431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_consumers                   98619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.iew.wb_rate                     1.326387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu01.iew.wb_fanout                   0.521512                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu01.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6979                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu01.commit.branchMispredicts             157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        41612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.603480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.878437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12995     31.23%     31.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        14690     35.30%     66.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         4378     10.52%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4075      9.79%     86.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          210      0.50%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3820      9.18%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          124      0.30%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          191      0.46%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1129      2.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        41612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committedInsts              64955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.commit.committedOps                66724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu01.commit.refs                        12473                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu01.commit.loads                       11270                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu01.commit.membars                        66                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu01.commit.branches                    13166                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu01.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.int_insts                   53860                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.function_calls                184                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          51176     76.70%     76.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      4.61%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         11270     16.89%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1203      1.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::total           66724                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.bw_lim_events                1129                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu01.rob.rob_reads                     113445                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu01.rob.rob_writes                    148464                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu01.timesIdled                            46                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu01.idleCycles                          8360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu01.quiesceCycles                      93361                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu01.committedInsts                     64955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu01.committedOps                       66724                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu01.cpi                             0.784559                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu01.cpi_total                       0.784559                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu01.ipc                             1.274602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu01.ipc_total                       1.274602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_reads                  97809                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu01.int_regfile_writes                 36227                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu01.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_reads                  242865                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu01.cc_regfile_writes                  76916                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_reads                 14478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu01.misc_regfile_writes                   32                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          24.151177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs             12294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           75.423313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    24.151177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.023585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.159180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           25559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses          25559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data        11132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         11132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data         1164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data        12296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total          12296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data        12298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total         12298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data          378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data     24472965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24472965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data      4871496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4871496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data       126999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       126999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data        40500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        40500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu01.data        20000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        20000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu01.data     29344461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29344461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu01.data     29344461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29344461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data        11480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        12673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total        12673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data        12676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total        12676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.030314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.024308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.029748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.029820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 70324.612069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70324.612069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 167982.620690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167982.620690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 15874.875000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15874.875000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data        10125                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        10125                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 77836.766578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77836.766578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.data 77630.849206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77630.849206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3857                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.357724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          107                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.data          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu01.data          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu01.data          203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu01.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu01.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data     11526519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11526519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data      1592002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1592002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data        13000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data       102001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data        31500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data        17000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        17000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data     13118521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13118521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data     13131521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13131521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.014111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.010059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 71151.351852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71151.351852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 132666.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132666.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data        13000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 12750.125000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12750.125000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data         7875                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7875                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 75393.798851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75393.798851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.data 75037.262857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75037.262857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse          14.096587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs              3717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs           72.882353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst    14.096587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.027532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.027532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses           7649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst         3717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst         3717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total           3717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst         3717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total          3717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8702250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8702250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8702250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8702250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      8702250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8702250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst         3799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst         3799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total         3799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.021585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.021585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.021585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst       106125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst       106125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu01.inst       106125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu01.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6547250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6547250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6547250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6547250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst      6547250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6547250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.013425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.013425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.013425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 128377.450980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128377.450980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 128377.450980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128377.450980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu01.inst 128377.450980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128377.450980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.branchPred.lookups                 13790                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.condPredicted           13082                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu02.branchPred.condIncorrect             181                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBLookups              12268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHits                  7555                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHitPct           61.582980                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu02.branchPred.usedRAS                   317                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu02.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                          50034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5179                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu02.fetch.Insts                        70584                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu02.fetch.Branches                     13790                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu02.fetch.predictedBranches             7872                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu02.fetch.Cycles                       36996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu02.fetch.SquashCycles                   477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu02.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu02.fetch.CacheLines                    3748                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu02.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  64                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::samples            42451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.731008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.129770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::0                  31452     74.09%     74.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::1                    609      1.43%     75.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::2                    296      0.70%     76.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::3                    615      1.45%     77.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::4                    503      1.18%     78.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::5                    492      1.16%     80.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::6                    485      1.14%     81.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::7                    937      2.21%     83.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::8                   7062     16.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::total              42451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.branchRate                0.275613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.fetch.rate                      1.410721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.decode.IdleCycles                   4340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu02.decode.BlockedCycles               28918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu02.decode.RunCycles                    2045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu02.decode.UnblockCycles                6937                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu02.decode.SquashCycles                  211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu02.decode.BranchResolved                320                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu02.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu02.decode.DecodedInsts                68098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu02.rename.SquashCycles                  211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu02.rename.IdleCycles                   6696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu02.rename.BlockCycles                  4813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu02.rename.serializeStallCycles         5602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu02.rename.RunCycles                    6504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu02.rename.UnblockCycles               18625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedInsts                67124                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu02.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu02.rename.IQFullEvents                18072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu02.rename.LQFullEvents                  245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu02.rename.RenamedOperands            110000                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu02.rename.RenameLookups              326830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu02.rename.int_rename_lookups          95621                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu02.rename.CommittedMaps               98978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu02.rename.UndoneMaps                  11021                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu02.rename.serializingInsts               94                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           93                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.skidInsts                   34112                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedLoads              11574                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedStores              1458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingLoads             595                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingStores            265                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsAdded                    66309                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu02.iq.iqInstsIssued                   62435                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             787                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        28312                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        42451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.470755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.866609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10652     25.09%     25.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1163      2.74%     27.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             30636     72.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         42451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               45965     73.62%     73.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      4.93%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              12248     19.62%     98.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1146      1.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::total                62435                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.rate                         1.247851                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           168106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           73293                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        60565                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.int_alu_accesses                62435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          373                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1565                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu02.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu02.iew.iewSquashCycles                  211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu02.iew.iewBlockCycles                  2067                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             66462                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              10                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11574                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   35                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1203                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           91                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           75                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.branchMispredicts                166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecutedInsts               62294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               12143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu02.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_refs                      13279                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_branches                  11614                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_stores                     1136                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_rate                   1.245033                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu02.iew.wb_sent                        60633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu02.iew.wb_count                       60565                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_producers                   46403                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_consumers                   88347                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.iew.wb_rate                     1.210477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu02.iew.wb_fanout                   0.525236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu02.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6766                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu02.commit.branchMispredicts             154                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        41492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.437217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.866501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        16060     38.71%     38.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        13051     31.45%     70.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3959      9.54%     79.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3555      8.57%     88.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          169      0.41%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3283      7.91%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          106      0.26%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          200      0.48%     97.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1109      2.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        41492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committedInsts              58087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.commit.committedOps                59633                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu02.commit.refs                        11393                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu02.commit.loads                       10308                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu02.commit.membars                        59                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu02.commit.branches                    11467                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu02.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.int_insts                   48429                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.function_calls                161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          45165     75.74%     75.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.16%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         10308     17.29%     98.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1085      1.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::total           59633                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.bw_lim_events                1109                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu02.rob.rob_reads                     106145                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu02.rob.rob_writes                    133822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu02.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu02.idleCycles                          7583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu02.quiesceCycles                      94288                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu02.committedInsts                     58087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu02.committedOps                       59633                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu02.cpi                             0.861363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu02.cpi_total                       0.861363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu02.ipc                             1.160951                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu02.ipc_total                       1.160951                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_reads                  88046                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu02.int_regfile_writes                 33406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu02.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_reads                  218379                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu02.cc_regfile_writes                  67009                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_reads                 13416                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu02.misc_regfile_writes                  115                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.972727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs             11178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           68.158537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.972727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.022434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           23441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses          23441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data        10152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         10152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data         1025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data        11177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total          11177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data        11179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total         11179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data          402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data     26546379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26546379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data      6728490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6728490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data       788892                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       788892                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu02.data       528000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       528000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu02.data     33274869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     33274869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu02.data     33274869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     33274869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data        10524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        11578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data        11581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.035348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.027514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.034635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.034712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 71361.233871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71361.233871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 232016.896552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232016.896552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 27203.172414                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27203.172414                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data  5357.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5357.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 82979.723192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82979.723192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.data 82773.305970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82773.305970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3119                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             119                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.210084                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           98                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.data          210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu02.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu02.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu02.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu02.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data     10578312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10578312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data      2213255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2213255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data       685608                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       685608                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data       516000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       516000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data     12791567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12791567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data     12801067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12801067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.011385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 65298.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65298.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 184437.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184437.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 23641.655172                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23641.655172                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data  4071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 73514.752874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73514.752874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.data 73148.954286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73148.954286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.991876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs              3677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           72.098039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    13.991876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.027328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.027328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses           7547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst         3677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst         3677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total           3677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst         3677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total          3677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      8015500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8015500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      8015500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8015500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      8015500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8015500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst         3748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst         3748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total         3748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 112894.366197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112894.366197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 112894.366197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112894.366197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 112894.366197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112894.366197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          170                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           85                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu02.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu02.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      6390750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6390750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      6390750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6390750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst      6390750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6390750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.013607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.013607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.013607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 125308.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125308.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 125308.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125308.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu02.inst 125308.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125308.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.branchPred.lookups                 13629                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.condPredicted           12921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu03.branchPred.condIncorrect             186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBLookups              12010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHits                  7475                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHitPct           62.239800                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu03.branchPred.usedRAS                   310                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu03.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                          49638                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5439                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu03.fetch.Insts                        69944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu03.fetch.Branches                     13629                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu03.fetch.predictedBranches             7785                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu03.fetch.Cycles                       36007                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu03.fetch.SquashCycles                   483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu03.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu03.fetch.CacheLines                    3742                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu03.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  62                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::samples            41709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.745307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.137300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::0                  30803     73.85%     73.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::1                    605      1.45%     75.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::2                    292      0.70%     76.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::3                    609      1.46%     77.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::4                    503      1.21%     78.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::5                    502      1.20%     79.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::6                    490      1.17%     81.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::7                    923      2.21%     83.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::8                   6982     16.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::total              41709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.branchRate                0.274568                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.fetch.rate                      1.409082                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.decode.IdleCycles                   4342                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu03.decode.BlockedCycles               28250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu03.decode.RunCycles                    2026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu03.decode.UnblockCycles                6877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu03.decode.SquashCycles                  214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu03.decode.BranchResolved                325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu03.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu03.decode.DecodedInsts                67501                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu03.rename.SquashCycles                  214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu03.rename.IdleCycles                   6685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu03.rename.BlockCycles                  3797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu03.rename.serializeStallCycles         5999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu03.rename.RunCycles                    6450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu03.rename.UnblockCycles               18564                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedInsts                66542                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu03.rename.IQFullEvents                17980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu03.rename.LQFullEvents                  283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu03.rename.RenamedOperands            108938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu03.rename.RenameLookups              323975                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu03.rename.int_rename_lookups          94819                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu03.rename.CommittedMaps               98101                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu03.rename.UndoneMaps                  10835                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu03.rename.serializingInsts              106                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.skidInsts                   33861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedLoads              11468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedStores              1447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingLoads             556                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingStores            255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsAdded                    65678                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu03.iq.iqInstsIssued                   61845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             765                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        27934                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        41709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.482774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.858153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             10150     24.34%     24.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1273      3.05%     27.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             30286     72.61%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         41709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               45538     73.63%     73.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      4.97%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              12120     19.60%     98.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1111      1.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::total                61845                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.rate                         1.245920                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           166162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           72577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        60015                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.int_alu_accesses                61845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1518                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu03.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu03.iew.iewSquashCycles                  214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu03.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1506                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1089                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             65840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   15                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1012                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           92                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           78                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.branchMispredicts                170                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecutedInsts               61702                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               12016                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu03.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_refs                      13117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_branches                  11499                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_stores                     1101                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_rate                   1.243040                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu03.iew.wb_sent                        60081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu03.iew.wb_count                       60015                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_producers                   46051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_consumers                   87598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.iew.wb_rate                     1.209054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu03.iew.wb_fanout                   0.525708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu03.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6719                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           141                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu03.commit.branchMispredicts             159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        40756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.450216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.864177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        15470     37.96%     37.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        13007     31.91%     69.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3929      9.64%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3536      8.68%     88.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          184      0.45%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3248      7.97%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          103      0.25%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          194      0.48%     97.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1085      2.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        40756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committedInsts              57617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.commit.committedOps                59105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu03.commit.refs                        11280                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu03.commit.loads                       10222                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu03.commit.membars                        57                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu03.commit.branches                    11353                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu03.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.int_insts                   48005                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.function_calls                155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          44750     75.71%     75.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.20%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         10222     17.29%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1058      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::total           59105                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.bw_lim_events                1085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu03.rob.rob_reads                     104884                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu03.rob.rob_writes                    132627                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu03.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu03.idleCycles                          7929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu03.quiesceCycles                      94684                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu03.committedInsts                     57617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu03.committedOps                       59105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu03.cpi                             0.861517                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu03.cpi_total                       0.861517                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu03.ipc                             1.160744                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu03.ipc_total                       1.160744                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_reads                  87279                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu03.int_regfile_writes                 33141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu03.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_reads                  216369                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu03.cc_regfile_writes                  66380                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_reads                 13282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu03.misc_regfile_writes                  161                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          23.242486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs             11070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           68.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    23.242486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.022698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.158203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           23234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses          23234                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data        10083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         10083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data          986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data        11069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total          11069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data        11071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total         11071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data     20898233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20898233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      6434250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6434250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data      1008417                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1008417                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data        38499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu03.data       481000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       481000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu03.data     27332483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     27332483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu03.data     27332483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     27332483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data        10436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        11454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        11457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.033825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.031434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.948718                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.948718                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.033613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.033691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 59201.793201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59201.793201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 201070.312500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201070.312500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 27254.513514                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27254.513514                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data  3208.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3208.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 70993.462338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70993.462338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.data 70809.541451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70809.541451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2728                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.733333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           10                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu03.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu03.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu03.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu03.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      9682010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9682010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data      2113000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2113000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data       874083                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       874083                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data        28001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data       454000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       454000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data     11795010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11795010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data     11804510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11804510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.015332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.015017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.015100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 60512.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60512.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 176083.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176083.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 23623.864865                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23623.864865                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data  2333.416667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2333.416667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 68575.639535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68575.639535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.data 68234.161850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68234.161850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.855272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs              3668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           71.921569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst    13.855272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.027061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.027061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses           7535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst         3668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst         3668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total           3668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst         3668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total          3668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9045250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9045250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9045250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9045250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      9045250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9045250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst         3742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst         3742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total         3742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.019776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.019776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.019776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 122233.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122233.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 122233.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122233.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 122233.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122233.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          182                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu03.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      6703750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6703750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      6703750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6703750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst      6703750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6703750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.013629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.013629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.013629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 131446.078431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131446.078431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 131446.078431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131446.078431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu03.inst 131446.078431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131446.078431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.branchPred.lookups                 13669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.condPredicted           12948                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu04.branchPred.condIncorrect             190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBLookups              11866                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHits                  7496                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHitPct           63.172088                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu04.branchPred.usedRAS                   315                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu04.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                          49181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5453                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu04.fetch.Insts                        70009                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu04.fetch.Branches                     13669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu04.fetch.predictedBranches             7811                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu04.fetch.Cycles                       35403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu04.fetch.SquashCycles                   493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu04.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu04.fetch.CacheLines                    3745                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu04.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  68                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::samples            41142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.772277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.156074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::0                  30242     73.51%     73.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::1                    603      1.47%     74.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::2                    273      0.66%     75.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::3                    600      1.46%     77.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::4                    525      1.28%     78.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::5                    478      1.16%     79.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::6                    507      1.23%     80.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::7                    878      2.13%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::8                   7036     17.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::total              41142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.branchRate                0.277933                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.fetch.rate                      1.423497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.decode.IdleCycles                   4395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu04.decode.BlockedCycles               27599                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu04.decode.RunCycles                    2048                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu04.decode.UnblockCycles                6881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu04.decode.SquashCycles                  219                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu04.decode.BranchResolved                328                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu04.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu04.decode.DecodedInsts                67560                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu04.rename.SquashCycles                  219                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu04.rename.IdleCycles                   6723                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu04.rename.BlockCycles                  3732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu04.rename.serializeStallCycles         5274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu04.rename.RunCycles                    6454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu04.rename.UnblockCycles               18740                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedInsts                66615                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu04.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu04.rename.IQFullEvents                18120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu04.rename.LQFullEvents                  281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu04.rename.RenamedOperands            109112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu04.rename.RenameLookups              324341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu04.rename.int_rename_lookups          94910                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu04.rename.CommittedMaps               98251                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu04.rename.UndoneMaps                  10857                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu04.rename.serializingInsts               93                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.skidInsts                   34046                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedLoads              11458                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedStores              1403                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingLoads             576                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingStores            257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsAdded                    65689                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu04.iq.iqInstsIssued                   62190                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             749                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6641                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        27401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        41142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.511594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.836620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9258     22.50%     22.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1578      3.84%     26.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             30306     73.66%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         41142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               45628     73.37%     73.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      4.95%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              12362     19.88%     98.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1124      1.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::total                62190                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.rate                         1.264513                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           166269                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           72498                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        60119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.int_alu_accesses                62190                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1215                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1770                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu04.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu04.iew.iewSquashCycles                  219                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu04.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1882                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 164                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             65852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              75                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11458                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1403                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   23                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           91                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           82                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.branchMispredicts                173                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecutedInsts               62044                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               12264                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu04.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_refs                      13378                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_branches                  11524                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_stores                     1114                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_rate                   1.261544                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu04.iew.wb_sent                        60182                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu04.iew.wb_count                       60119                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_producers                   45991                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_consumers                   87486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.iew.wb_rate                     1.222403                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu04.iew.wb_fanout                   0.525696                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu04.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6579                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           133                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu04.commit.branchMispredicts             163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        40203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.472726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.869231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        14919     37.11%     37.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12930     32.16%     69.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3985      9.91%     79.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3533      8.79%     87.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          190      0.47%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3281      8.16%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          106      0.26%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          164      0.41%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1095      2.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        40203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committedInsts              57691                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.commit.committedOps                59208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu04.commit.refs                        11309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu04.commit.loads                       10243                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu04.commit.membars                        58                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu04.commit.branches                    11371                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu04.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.int_insts                   48095                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.function_calls                158                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          44824     75.71%     75.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.19%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         10243     17.30%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1066      1.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::total           59208                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.bw_lim_events                1095                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu04.rob.rob_reads                     104271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu04.rob.rob_writes                    132582                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu04.timesIdled                            51                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu04.idleCycles                          8039                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu04.quiesceCycles                      95141                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu04.committedInsts                     57691                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu04.committedOps                       59208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu04.cpi                             0.852490                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu04.cpi_total                       0.852490                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu04.ipc                             1.173034                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu04.ipc_total                       1.173034                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_reads                  87703                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu04.int_regfile_writes                 33181                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu04.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_reads                  217392                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu04.cc_regfile_writes                  66492                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_reads                 13312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu04.misc_regfile_writes                  114                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          24.354000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs             11095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           67.652439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    24.354000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.023783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           23251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses          23251                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data        10087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         10087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data         1007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data        11094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total          11094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data        11096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total         11096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data          391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data     26420862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26420862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data      4668992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4668992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data       887402                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       887402                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu04.data       368000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       368000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu04.data     31089854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     31089854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu04.data     31089854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     31089854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data        10448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data         1036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data        11484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        11487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.034552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.027992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.931034                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.931034                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.033960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.034038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 73187.983380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73187.983380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 160999.724138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160999.724138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 32866.740741                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32866.740741                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data         5357                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5357                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 79717.574359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79717.574359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.data 79513.693095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79513.693095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.741935                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          198                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.data          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu04.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu04.data          216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu04.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu04.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data     12025309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12025309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data      1497254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1497254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data       791098                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       791098                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data       356000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       356000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data     13522563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13522563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data     13532063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13532063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.015505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.011583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.015152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.015235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 74230.302469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74230.302469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 124771.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124771.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 29299.925926                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29299.925926                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data  3857.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3857.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 77715.879310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77715.879310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.data 77326.074286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77326.074286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.710187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs              3663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           71.823529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    13.710187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.026778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses           7541                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst         3663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total           3663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst         3663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total          3663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu04.inst     10063250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10063250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu04.inst     10063250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10063250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu04.inst     10063250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10063250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst         3745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst         3745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total         3745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.021896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.021896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.021896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 122722.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122722.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 122722.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122722.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 122722.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122722.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          207                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   103.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu04.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu04.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      6797250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6797250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      6797250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6797250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst      6797250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6797250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.013618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.013618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.013618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 133279.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133279.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 133279.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133279.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu04.inst 133279.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133279.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.branchPred.lookups                 13155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.condPredicted           12447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu05.branchPred.condIncorrect             189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBLookups              11408                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHits                  7233                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHitPct           63.402875                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu05.branchPred.usedRAS                   311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu05.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                          48619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5496                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu05.fetch.Insts                        68030                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu05.fetch.Branches                     13155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu05.fetch.predictedBranches             7544                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu05.fetch.Cycles                       34422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu05.fetch.SquashCycles                   487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu05.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu05.fetch.CacheLines                    3739                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu05.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  65                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::samples            40183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.762959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.146859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::0                  29558     73.56%     73.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::1                    596      1.48%     75.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::2                    279      0.69%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::3                    589      1.47%     77.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::4                    511      1.27%     78.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::5                    479      1.19%     79.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::6                    499      1.24%     80.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::7                    889      2.21%     83.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::8                   6783     16.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::total              40183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.branchRate                0.270573                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.fetch.rate                      1.399247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.decode.IdleCycles                   4309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu05.decode.BlockedCycles               26983                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu05.decode.RunCycles                    1992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu05.decode.UnblockCycles                6683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu05.decode.SquashCycles                  216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu05.decode.BranchResolved                329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu05.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu05.decode.DecodedInsts                65650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu05.rename.SquashCycles                  216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu05.rename.IdleCycles                   6583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu05.rename.BlockCycles                  3905                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu05.rename.serializeStallCycles         5189                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu05.rename.RunCycles                    6271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu05.rename.UnblockCycles               18019                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedInsts                64698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu05.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu05.rename.IQFullEvents                17460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu05.rename.LQFullEvents                  255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu05.rename.RenamedOperands            105562                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu05.rename.RenameLookups              315013                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu05.rename.int_rename_lookups          92306                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu05.rename.CommittedMaps               94848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu05.rename.UndoneMaps                  10707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu05.rename.serializingInsts               96                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           95                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.skidInsts                   32951                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedLoads              11201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedStores              1411                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingLoads             545                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingStores            242                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsAdded                    63792                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               153                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu05.iq.iqInstsIssued                   60123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             762                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        27308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        40183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.496230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.849673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9482     23.60%     23.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1279      3.18%     26.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             29422     73.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         40183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               44045     73.26%     73.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      5.12%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11922     19.83%     98.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1080      1.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::total                60123                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.rate                         1.236615                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           161189                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           70622                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        58230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.int_alu_accesses                60123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1233                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1585                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu05.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu05.iew.iewSquashCycles                  216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu05.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1147                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             63948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              78                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1411                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               80                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   15                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1073                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           89                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           85                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.branchMispredicts                174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecutedInsts               59974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11825                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu05.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_refs                      12892                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_branches                  11078                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_stores                     1067                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_rate                   1.233551                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu05.iew.wb_sent                        58295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu05.iew.wb_count                       58230                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_producers                   44762                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_consumers                   84986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.iew.wb_rate                     1.197680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu05.iew.wb_fanout                   0.526699                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu05.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6639                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           125                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu05.commit.branchMispredicts             162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        39240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.459684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.876662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        14866     37.88%     37.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12455     31.74%     69.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3848      9.81%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3407      8.68%     88.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          159      0.41%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3129      7.97%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          102      0.26%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          179      0.46%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1095      2.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        39240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committedInsts              55843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.commit.committedOps                57278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu05.commit.refs                        10979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu05.commit.loads                        9968                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu05.commit.membars                        55                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu05.commit.branches                    10920                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu05.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.int_insts                   46603                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.function_calls                150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          43224     75.46%     75.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.37%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9968     17.40%     98.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1011      1.77%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::total           57278                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.bw_lim_events                1095                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu05.rob.rob_reads                     101477                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu05.rob.rob_writes                    128808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu05.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu05.idleCycles                          8436                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu05.quiesceCycles                      95703                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu05.committedInsts                     55843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu05.committedOps                       57278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu05.cpi                             0.870637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu05.cpi_total                       0.870637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu05.ipc                             1.148584                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu05.ipc_total                       1.148584                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_reads                  84961                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu05.int_regfile_writes                 32396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu05.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_reads                  210402                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu05.cc_regfile_writes                  63917                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_reads                 12967                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu05.misc_regfile_writes                  105                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          23.179505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs             10773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           65.689024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    23.179505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.022636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           22619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          22619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data         9822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data          950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data        10772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total          10772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data        10774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total         10774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data          400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data     22133934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22133934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data      7343996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7343996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data       853901                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       853901                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu05.data       326500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       326500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu05.data     29477930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29477930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu05.data     29477930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29477930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data        10189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data          982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data        11171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        11174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.036019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.032587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.925926                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.925926                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.035717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.035797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 60310.446866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60310.446866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 229499.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229499.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 34156.040000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34156.040000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data  5357.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5357.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 73879.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73879.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.data 73694.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73694.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.885246                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          112                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.data          205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu05.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu05.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu05.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu05.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      9700284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9700284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data      2344502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2344502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data       767599                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       767599                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data       314500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       314500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data     12044786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12044786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data     12054286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12054286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.015899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.012220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.015576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.015661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 59878.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59878.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 195375.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195375.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 30703.960000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30703.960000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data  4071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 69222.908046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69222.908046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.data 68881.634286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68881.634286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.450687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs              3660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           71.764706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst    13.450687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.026271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses           7529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst         3660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total           3660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst         3660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total          3660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      9238750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9238750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      9238750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9238750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      9238750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9238750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst         3739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst         3739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total         3739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.021129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.021129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.021129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 116946.202532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116946.202532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 116946.202532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116946.202532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 116946.202532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116946.202532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          144                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu05.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7003500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7003500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7003500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7003500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst      7003500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7003500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.013640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.013640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.013640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 137323.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137323.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 137323.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137323.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu05.inst 137323.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137323.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.branchPred.lookups                 13200                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.condPredicted           12484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu06.branchPred.condIncorrect             187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBLookups              11371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHits                  7250                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHitPct           63.758684                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu06.branchPred.usedRAS                   315                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu06.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                          48103                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu06.fetch.Insts                        68189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu06.fetch.Branches                     13200                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu06.fetch.predictedBranches             7565                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu06.fetch.Cycles                       34440                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu06.fetch.SquashCycles                   483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu06.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu06.fetch.CacheLines                    3744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu06.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::samples            39944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.778840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.156066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::0                  29281     73.31%     73.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::1                    596      1.49%     74.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::2                    286      0.72%     75.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::3                    592      1.48%     77.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::4                    520      1.30%     78.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::5                    480      1.20%     79.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::6                    501      1.25%     80.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::7                    880      2.20%     82.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::8                   6808     17.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::total              39944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.branchRate                0.274411                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.fetch.rate                      1.417562                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.decode.IdleCycles                   4270                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu06.decode.BlockedCycles               26769                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu06.decode.RunCycles                    2022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu06.decode.UnblockCycles                6669                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu06.decode.SquashCycles                  214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu06.decode.BranchResolved                326                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu06.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu06.decode.DecodedInsts                65728                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu06.rename.SquashCycles                  214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu06.rename.IdleCycles                   6540                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu06.rename.BlockCycles                  3676                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu06.rename.serializeStallCycles         5118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu06.rename.RunCycles                    6283                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu06.rename.UnblockCycles               18113                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedInsts                64774                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu06.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu06.rename.IQFullEvents                17557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu06.rename.LQFullEvents                  245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu06.rename.RenamedOperands            105662                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu06.rename.RenameLookups              315372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu06.rename.int_rename_lookups          92390                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu06.rename.CommittedMaps               94892                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu06.rename.UndoneMaps                  10769                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu06.rename.serializingInsts               92                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.skidInsts                   33010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedLoads              11235                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedStores              1413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingLoads             546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingStores            255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsAdded                    63895                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu06.iq.iqInstsIssued                   60343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             763                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        27595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        39944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.510690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.838802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9061     22.68%     22.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1423      3.56%     26.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             29460     73.75%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         39944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               44042     72.99%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      5.10%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              12118     20.08%     98.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1107      1.83%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::total                60343                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.rate                         1.254454                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           161391                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           70726                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        58278                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.int_alu_accesses                60343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          368                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1751                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu06.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu06.iew.iewSquashCycles                  214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu06.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1738                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             64048                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11235                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   22                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 372                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           90                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           82                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.branchMispredicts                172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecutedInsts               60191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               12015                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu06.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_refs                      13111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_branches                  11070                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_stores                     1096                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_rate                   1.251294                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu06.iew.wb_sent                        58346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu06.iew.wb_count                       58278                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_producers                   44674                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_consumers                   84879                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.iew.wb_rate                     1.211525                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu06.iew.wb_fanout                   0.526326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu06.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           128                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu06.commit.branchMispredicts             160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        39003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.470938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.875967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        14549     37.30%     37.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12494     32.03%     69.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3885      9.96%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3395      8.70%     88.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          206      0.53%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3105      7.96%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          103      0.26%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          173      0.44%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1093      2.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        39003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committedInsts              55883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.commit.committedOps                57371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu06.commit.refs                        11045                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu06.commit.loads                       10000                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu06.commit.membars                        57                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu06.commit.branches                    10923                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu06.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.int_insts                   46701                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.function_calls                155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          43251     75.39%     75.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.36%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         10000     17.43%     98.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1045      1.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::total           57371                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.bw_lim_events                1093                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu06.rob.rob_reads                     101284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu06.rob.rob_writes                    128976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu06.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu06.idleCycles                          8159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu06.quiesceCycles                      96219                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu06.committedInsts                     55883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu06.committedOps                       57371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu06.cpi                             0.860781                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu06.cpi_total                       0.860781                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu06.ipc                             1.161736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu06.ipc_total                       1.161736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_reads                  85184                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu06.int_regfile_writes                 32468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu06.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_reads                  211122                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu06.cc_regfile_writes                  63813                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_reads                 13037                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu06.misc_regfile_writes                  101                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          23.994419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs             10840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           66.097561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    23.994419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.023432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           22741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses          22741                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data         9853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data          986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data        10839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total          10839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data        10841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total         10841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data          394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data     22844209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22844209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data      6097498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6097498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data       842417                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       842417                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data        39499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu06.data       364000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       364000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu06.data     28941707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     28941707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu06.data     28941707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     28941707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data        10214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        11232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        11235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.035344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.031434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.034989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.035069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 63280.357341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63280.357341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 190546.812500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190546.812500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 35100.708333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35100.708333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data  4937.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4937.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 73643.020356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73643.020356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.data 73456.109137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73456.109137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.286885                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          108                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.data          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu06.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu06.data          219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu06.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu06.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data     10433771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10433771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data      1970001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1970001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data       757583                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       757583                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data        29001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data       348500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       348500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data     12403772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12403772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data     12413272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12413272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.015861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.011788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.015491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.015576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 64405.993827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64405.993827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 164166.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164166.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 31565.958333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31565.958333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data  3625.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3625.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 71286.045977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71286.045977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.data 70932.982857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70932.982857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.402164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs              3671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           71.980392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst    13.402164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.026176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.026176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7539                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses           7539                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst         3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst         3671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total           3671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst         3671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total          3671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      8907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      8907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      8907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst         3744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst         3744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total         3744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.019498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.019498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.019498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 122013.698630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.698630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 122013.698630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.698630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 122013.698630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122013.698630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           68                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu06.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      6785500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6785500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      6785500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6785500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst      6785500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6785500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.013622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.013622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.013622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 133049.019608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133049.019608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 133049.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133049.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu06.inst 133049.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133049.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.branchPred.lookups                 12652                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.condPredicted           11983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu07.branchPred.condIncorrect             183                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBLookups              10907                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHits                  6979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHitPct           63.986431                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu07.branchPred.usedRAS                   291                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu07.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                          47513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu07.fetch.Insts                        65824                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu07.fetch.Branches                     12652                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu07.fetch.predictedBranches             7270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu07.fetch.Cycles                       33662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu07.fetch.SquashCycles                   471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu07.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu07.fetch.CacheLines                    3652                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu07.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  64                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::samples            39388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.739540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.130764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::0                  29098     73.88%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::1                    582      1.48%     75.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::2                    264      0.67%     76.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::3                    577      1.46%     77.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::4                    510      1.29%     78.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::5                    454      1.15%     79.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::6                    492      1.25%     81.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::7                    874      2.22%     83.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::8                   6537     16.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::total              39388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.branchRate                0.266285                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.fetch.rate                      1.385389                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.decode.IdleCycles                   4209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu07.decode.BlockedCycles               26570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu07.decode.RunCycles                    1934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu07.decode.UnblockCycles                6467                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu07.decode.SquashCycles                  208                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu07.decode.BranchResolved                311                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu07.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu07.decode.DecodedInsts                63568                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu07.rename.SquashCycles                  208                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu07.rename.IdleCycles                   6390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu07.rename.BlockCycles                  3757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu07.rename.serializeStallCycles         5322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu07.rename.RunCycles                    6064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu07.rename.UnblockCycles               17647                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedInsts                62655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu07.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu07.rename.IQFullEvents                16987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu07.rename.LQFullEvents                  317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu07.rename.RenamedOperands            102062                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu07.rename.RenameLookups              305095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu07.rename.int_rename_lookups          89546                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu07.rename.CommittedMaps               91874                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu07.rename.UndoneMaps                  10184                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu07.rename.serializingInsts               95                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           93                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.skidInsts                   31937                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedLoads              10922                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedStores              1342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingLoads             533                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingStores            240                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsAdded                    61819                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu07.iq.iqInstsIssued                   58571                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             708                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6314                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        26216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        39388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.487027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.850706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9332     23.69%     23.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1541      3.91%     27.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             28515     72.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         39388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               42569     72.68%     72.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      5.25%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11876     20.28%     98.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1050      1.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::total                58571                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.rate                         1.232736                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           157236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           68290                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        56493                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.int_alu_accesses                58571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1168                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1784                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu07.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu07.iew.iewSquashCycles                  208                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu07.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             61971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               10922                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   24                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           87                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           79                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.branchMispredicts                166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecutedInsts               58432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11782                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu07.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_refs                      12823                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_branches                  10662                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_stores                     1041                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_rate                   1.229811                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu07.iew.wb_sent                        56554                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu07.iew.wb_count                       56493                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_producers                   43367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_consumers                   82177                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.iew.wb_rate                     1.189001                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu07.iew.wb_fanout                   0.527727                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu07.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu07.commit.branchMispredicts             156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        38494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.445784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.872847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        14789     38.42%     38.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12104     31.44%     69.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3781      9.82%     79.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3284      8.53%     88.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          217      0.56%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2979      7.74%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           97      0.25%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          153      0.40%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1090      2.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        38494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committedInsts              54253                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.commit.committedOps                55654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu07.commit.refs                        10750                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu07.commit.loads                        9754                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu07.commit.membars                        54                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu07.commit.branches                    10523                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu07.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.int_insts                   45369                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.function_calls                146                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          41829     75.16%     75.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.53%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9754     17.53%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          996      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::total           55654                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.bw_lim_events                1090                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu07.rob.rob_reads                      98738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu07.rob.rob_writes                    124775                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu07.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu07.idleCycles                          8125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu07.quiesceCycles                      96809                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu07.committedInsts                     54253                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu07.committedOps                       55654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu07.cpi                             0.875767                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu07.cpi_total                       0.875767                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu07.ipc                             1.141856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu07.ipc_total                       1.141856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_reads                  82854                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu07.int_regfile_writes                 31689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu07.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_reads                  205068                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu07.cc_regfile_writes                  61482                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_reads                 12731                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu07.misc_regfile_writes                  121                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          24.135545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs             10525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           64.176829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    24.135545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.023570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           22109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses          22109                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data         9589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data          935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data        10524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total          10524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data        10526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total         10526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data          388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data          389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data     27214911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27214911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      4670742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4670742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data      1267454                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1267454                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data        40499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        40499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu07.data        61500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        61500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu07.data     31885653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     31885653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu07.data     31885653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     31885653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data         9948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data          964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        10912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data        10915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.036088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.030083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.903226                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.903226                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.035557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.035639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 75807.551532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75807.551532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 161060.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161060.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 45266.214286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45266.214286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data  6749.833333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6749.833333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 82179.518041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82179.518041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.data 81968.259640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81968.259640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4294                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          252                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.910569                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          252                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.data          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu07.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu07.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu07.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu07.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data     12286281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12286281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      1432754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1432754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data      1166546                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1166546                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data        30001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data        52500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        52500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data     13719035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13719035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data     13728535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13728535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.016285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012448                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012448                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.903226                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.903226                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.015946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.016033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 75841.240741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75841.240741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 119396.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119396.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 41662.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41662.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data  5000.166667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5000.166667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 78845.028736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78845.028736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.data 78448.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78448.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.251383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs              3572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           70.039216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst    13.251383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.025882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses           7355                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst         3572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst         3572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total           3572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst         3572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total          3572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      9689250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9689250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      9689250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9689250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      9689250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9689250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst         3652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         3652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total         3652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst         3652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total         3652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.021906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.021906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 121115.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121115.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 121115.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121115.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 121115.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121115.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          189                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu07.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      6795500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6795500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      6795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst      6795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.013965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.013965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.013965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 133245.098039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133245.098039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 133245.098039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133245.098039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu07.inst 133245.098039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133245.098039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.branchPred.lookups                 13764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.condPredicted           13087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu08.branchPred.condIncorrect             172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBLookups              13386                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHits                  7511                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHitPct           56.110862                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu08.branchPred.usedRAS                   302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu08.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                          46911                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5246                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu08.fetch.Insts                        70390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu08.fetch.Branches                     13764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu08.fetch.predictedBranches             7813                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu08.fetch.Cycles                       33628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu08.fetch.SquashCycles                   461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu08.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu08.fetch.CacheLines                    3679                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu08.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  62                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::samples            39126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.869729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.216789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::0                  28194     72.06%     72.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::1                    650      1.66%     73.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::2                    270      0.69%     74.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::3                    569      1.45%     75.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::4                    507      1.30%     77.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::5                    441      1.13%     78.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::6                    496      1.27%     79.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::7                    943      2.41%     81.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::8                   7056     18.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::total              39126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.branchRate                0.293407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.fetch.rate                      1.500501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.decode.IdleCycles                   4302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu08.decode.BlockedCycles               25685                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu08.decode.RunCycles                    1969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu08.decode.UnblockCycles                6967                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu08.decode.SquashCycles                  203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu08.decode.BranchResolved                301                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu08.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu08.decode.DecodedInsts                67801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu08.rename.SquashCycles                  203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu08.rename.IdleCycles                   6663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu08.rename.BlockCycles                  3812                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu08.rename.serializeStallCycles         3200                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu08.rename.RunCycles                    6445                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu08.rename.UnblockCycles               18803                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedInsts                66891                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu08.rename.ROBFullEvents                   2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu08.rename.IQFullEvents                18277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu08.rename.LQFullEvents                  231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu08.rename.RenamedOperands            109984                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu08.rename.RenameLookups              325800                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu08.rename.int_rename_lookups          95430                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu08.rename.CommittedMaps               99356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu08.rename.UndoneMaps                  10620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu08.rename.serializingInsts               71                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           72                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.skidInsts                   34416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedLoads              11522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedStores              1364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingLoads             571                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingStores            254                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsAdded                    66194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu08.iq.iqInstsIssued                   62582                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        27400                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        39126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.599499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.780598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7223     18.46%     18.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1224      3.13%     21.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             30679     78.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         39126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               46049     73.58%     73.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      4.92%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              12321     19.69%     98.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              1136      1.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::total                62582                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.rate                         1.334058                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           164992                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           72835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        60620                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.int_alu_accesses                62582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1204                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1661                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu08.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu08.iew.iewSquashCycles                  203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu08.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1535                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 859                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             66321                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               3                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               11522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               63                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   19                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 784                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           86                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           64                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.branchMispredicts                150                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecutedInsts               62442                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               12216                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu08.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_refs                      13344                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_branches                  11630                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_stores                     1128                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_rate                   1.331074                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu08.iew.wb_sent                        60686                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu08.iew.wb_count                       60620                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_producers                   46443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_consumers                   88540                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.iew.wb_rate                     1.292234                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu08.iew.wb_fanout                   0.524543                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu08.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6449                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           116                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu08.commit.branchMispredicts             145                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        38210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.565271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.892016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12714     33.27%     33.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        13030     34.10%     67.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3988     10.44%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3588      9.39%     87.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          203      0.53%     87.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3288      8.61%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          106      0.28%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          193      0.51%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1100      2.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        38210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committedInsts              58252                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.commit.committedOps                59809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu08.commit.refs                        11391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu08.commit.loads                       10318                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu08.commit.membars                        58                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu08.commit.branches                    11512                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu08.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.int_insts                   48563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.function_calls                162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          45343     75.81%     75.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.14%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         10318     17.25%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         1073      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::total           59809                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.bw_lim_events                1100                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu08.rob.rob_reads                     102718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu08.rob.rob_writes                    133497                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu08.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu08.idleCycles                          7785                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu08.quiesceCycles                      97411                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu08.committedInsts                     58252                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu08.committedOps                       59809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu08.cpi                             0.805311                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu08.cpi_total                       0.805311                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu08.ipc                             1.241756                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu08.ipc_total                       1.241756                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_reads                  88296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu08.int_regfile_writes                 33379                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu08.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_reads                  218697                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu08.cc_regfile_writes                  67217                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_reads                 13359                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu08.misc_regfile_writes                   37                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          23.205771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs             11230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           68.895706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    23.205771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.022662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.159180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           23381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses          23381                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data        10196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         10196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data         1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data        11229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total          11229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data        11231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total         11231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data          356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data     21915202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21915202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data      6543248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6543248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data       115497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       115497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data        46499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        46499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu08.data        20500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu08.data     28458450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     28458450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu08.data     28458450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     28458450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data        10522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data         1062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data        11584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        11587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.030983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.027307                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027307                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.030646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.030724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 67224.546012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67224.546012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 225629.241379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225629.241379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 16499.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16499.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 11624.750000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11624.750000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 80164.647887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80164.647887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.data 79939.466292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79939.466292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2932                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.231405                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          166                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu08.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu08.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu08.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu08.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      9803524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9803524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data      2091501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2091501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        93003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        36001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        36001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data        17000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        17000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data     11895025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11895025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data     11904525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11904525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.015301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.011299                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011299                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.014934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.015017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 60891.453416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60891.453416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 174291.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174291.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 13286.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13286.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data  9000.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9000.250000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 68757.369942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68757.369942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.data 68416.810345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68416.810345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse          13.116060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs              3608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           70.745098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    13.116060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.025617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses           7409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst         3608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst         3608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total           3608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst         3608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total          3608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           71                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      8741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst         3679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         3679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total         3679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst         3679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total         3679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.019299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.019299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.019299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 123112.676056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123112.676056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 123112.676056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123112.676056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 123112.676056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123112.676056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    63.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu08.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu08.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7020500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7020500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7020500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7020500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst      7020500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7020500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.013862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.013862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.013862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 137656.862745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137656.862745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 137656.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137656.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu08.inst 137656.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137656.862745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.branchPred.lookups                 12134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.condPredicted           11507                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu09.branchPred.condIncorrect             174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBLookups              10426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHits                  6702                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.281604                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu09.branchPred.usedRAS                   275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu09.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                          46396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5188                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu09.fetch.Insts                        63755                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu09.fetch.Branches                     12134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu09.fetch.predictedBranches             6977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu09.fetch.Cycles                       32656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu09.fetch.SquashCycles                   447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu09.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu09.fetch.CacheLines                    3592                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu09.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  65                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::samples            38089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.740371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.132076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::0                  28150     73.91%     73.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::1                    548      1.44%     75.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::2                    265      0.70%     76.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::3                    548      1.44%     77.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::4                    482      1.27%     78.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::5                    430      1.13%     79.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::6                    483      1.27%     81.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::7                    873      2.29%     83.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::8                   6310     16.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::total              38089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.branchRate                0.261531                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.fetch.rate                      1.374149                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.decode.IdleCycles                   4056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu09.decode.BlockedCycles               25712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu09.decode.RunCycles                    1837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu09.decode.UnblockCycles                6288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu09.decode.SquashCycles                  196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu09.decode.BranchResolved                292                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu09.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu09.decode.DecodedInsts                61564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu09.rename.SquashCycles                  196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu09.rename.IdleCycles                   6183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu09.rename.BlockCycles                  4384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu09.rename.serializeStallCycles         4491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu09.rename.RunCycles                    5885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu09.rename.UnblockCycles               16950                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedInsts                60699                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu09.rename.IQFullEvents                16378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu09.rename.LQFullEvents                  289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu09.rename.RenamedOperands             98655                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu09.rename.RenameLookups              295660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu09.rename.int_rename_lookups          86977                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu09.rename.CommittedMaps               88756                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu09.rename.UndoneMaps                   9896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu09.rename.serializingInsts               80                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           80                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.skidInsts                   31008                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedLoads              10678                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedStores              1307                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingLoads             511                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingStores            225                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsAdded                    59982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               123                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu09.iq.iqInstsIssued                   56629                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             710                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6256                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        25958                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        38089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.486755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.855772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9189     24.13%     24.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1171      3.07%     27.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             27729     72.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         38089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               41072     72.53%     72.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      5.43%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11489     20.29%     98.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               992      1.75%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::total                56629                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.rate                         1.220558                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           152055                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           66369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        54698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.int_alu_accesses                56629                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1188                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          377                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1633                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu09.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu09.iew.iewSquashCycles                  196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu09.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1415                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             60108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               10678                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1307                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               65                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   30                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1322                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           84                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           73                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.branchMispredicts                157                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecutedInsts               56492                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11389                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu09.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_refs                      12371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_branches                  10235                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_stores                      982                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_rate                   1.217605                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu09.iew.wb_sent                        54758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu09.iew.wb_count                       54698                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_producers                   42207                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_consumers                   79799                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.iew.wb_rate                     1.178938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu09.iew.wb_fanout                   0.528916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu09.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6195                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu09.commit.branchMispredicts             147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        37205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.447359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.880417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        14347     38.56%     38.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11644     31.30%     69.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3655      9.82%     79.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3178      8.54%     88.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          170      0.46%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2888      7.76%     96.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           89      0.24%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          165      0.44%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1069      2.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        37205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committedInsts              52535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.commit.committedOps                53849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu09.commit.refs                        10420                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu09.commit.loads                        9490                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu09.commit.membars                        51                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu09.commit.branches                    10105                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu09.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.int_insts                   43967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.function_calls                137                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          40354     74.94%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.71%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9490     17.62%     98.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          930      1.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::total           53849                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.bw_lim_events                1069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu09.rob.rob_reads                      95647                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu09.rob.rob_writes                    121037                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu09.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu09.idleCycles                          8307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu09.quiesceCycles                      97926                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu09.committedInsts                     52535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu09.committedOps                       53849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu09.cpi                             0.883145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu09.cpi_total                       0.883145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu09.ipc                             1.132317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu09.ipc_total                       1.132317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_reads                  80325                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu09.int_regfile_writes                 30926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu09.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_reads                  198459                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu09.cc_regfile_writes                  59116                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_reads                 12330                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu09.misc_regfile_writes                   72                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.204501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs             10243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           62.840491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.204501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.021684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.159180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           21504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses          21504                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data         9361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data          881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data        10242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total          10242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data        10244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total         10244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data          354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data          384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data     22728099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22728099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data      6788990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6788990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       787450                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       787450                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu09.data       269500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       269500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu09.data     29517089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29517089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu09.data     29517089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29517089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data         9715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data          910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        10625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        10628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.036438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.031868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.036047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.036131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 64203.669492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64203.669492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 234103.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234103.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 43747.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43747.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data  4812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 77068.117493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77068.117493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.data 76867.419271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76867.419271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3135                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.696721                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           10                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu09.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu09.data          210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu09.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu09.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data     10462562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10462562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data      2231505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2231505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       722550                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       722550                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data       254500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       254500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data     12694067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12694067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data     12703567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12703567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.016572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.016282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.016372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 64984.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64984.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 185958.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185958.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 40141.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40141.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data  3687.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3687.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 73376.109827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73376.109827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.data 73009.005747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73009.005747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.922667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs              3514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           68.901961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    12.922667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.025240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7235                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses           7235                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst         3514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst         3514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total           3514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst         3514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total          3514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           78                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      8833500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8833500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      8833500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8833500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      8833500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8833500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst         3592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         3592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total         3592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst         3592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total         3592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.021715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.021715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.021715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       113250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       113250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       113250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       113250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu09.inst       113250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       113250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          197                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu09.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      6913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      6913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst      6913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.014198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.014198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.014198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 135549.019608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135549.019608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 135549.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135549.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu09.inst 135549.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135549.019608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.branchPred.lookups                 11921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.condPredicted           11244                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu10.branchPred.condIncorrect             184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBLookups              10192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHits                  6595                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHitPct           64.707614                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu10.branchPred.usedRAS                   288                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu10.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                          45739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5222                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu10.fetch.Insts                        63043                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu10.fetch.Branches                     11921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu10.fetch.predictedBranches             6883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu10.fetch.Cycles                       32183                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu10.fetch.SquashCycles                   469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu10.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu10.fetch.CacheLines                    3669                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu10.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  60                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::samples            37661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.744749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.127539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::0                  27729     73.63%     73.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::1                    579      1.54%     75.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::2                    275      0.73%     75.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::3                    565      1.50%     77.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::4                    498      1.32%     78.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::5                    458      1.22%     79.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::6                    491      1.30%     81.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::7                    871      2.31%     83.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::8                   6195     16.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::total              37661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.branchRate                0.260631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.fetch.rate                      1.378320                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.decode.IdleCycles                   4042                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu10.decode.BlockedCycles               25376                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu10.decode.RunCycles                    1897                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu10.decode.UnblockCycles                6139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu10.decode.SquashCycles                  207                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu10.decode.BranchResolved                313                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu10.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu10.decode.DecodedInsts                60759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu10.rename.SquashCycles                  207                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu10.rename.IdleCycles                   6125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu10.rename.BlockCycles                  4087                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu10.rename.serializeStallCycles         4858                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu10.rename.RunCycles                    5817                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu10.rename.UnblockCycles               16567                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedInsts                59832                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu10.rename.IQFullEvents                15980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu10.rename.LQFullEvents                  264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu10.rename.RenamedOperands             96718                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu10.rename.RenameLookups              291399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu10.rename.int_rename_lookups          85728                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu10.rename.CommittedMaps               86538                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu10.rename.UndoneMaps                  10176                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu10.rename.serializingInsts               87                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.skidInsts                   30487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedLoads              10547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedStores              1336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingLoads             501                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingStores            222                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsAdded                    58940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               140                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu10.iq.iqInstsIssued                   55534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        26272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        37661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.474576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.860642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9252     24.57%     24.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1284      3.41%     27.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             27125     72.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         37661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               40104     72.22%     72.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      5.54%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11357     20.45%     98.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               997      1.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::total                55534                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.rate                         1.214150                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           149463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           65497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        53590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.int_alu_accesses                55534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          402                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1652                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu10.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu10.iew.iewSquashCycles                  207                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu10.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1558                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             59083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              77                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               10547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               71                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   28                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1126                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           84                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           85                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.branchMispredicts                169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecutedInsts               55397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11264                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu10.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_refs                      12250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_branches                   9964                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_stores                      986                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_rate                   1.211155                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu10.iew.wb_sent                        53651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu10.iew.wb_count                       53590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_producers                   41339                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_consumers                   78084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.iew.wb_rate                     1.171648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu10.iew.wb_fanout                   0.529417                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu10.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           113                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu10.commit.branchMispredicts             157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        36756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.433099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.881039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        14442     39.29%     39.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11327     30.82%     70.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3626      9.87%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3083      8.39%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          143      0.39%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2822      7.68%     96.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           88      0.24%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          163      0.44%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1062      2.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        36756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committedInsts              51361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.commit.committedOps                52675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu10.commit.refs                        10279                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu10.commit.loads                        9345                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu10.commit.membars                        51                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu10.commit.branches                     9811                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu10.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.int_insts                   43087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.function_calls                137                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          39321     74.65%     74.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.84%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9345     17.74%     98.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          934      1.77%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::total           52675                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.bw_lim_events                1062                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu10.rob.rob_reads                      94179                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu10.rob.rob_writes                    119010                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu10.timesIdled                            46                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu10.idleCycles                          8078                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu10.quiesceCycles                      98583                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu10.committedInsts                     51361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu10.committedOps                       52675                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu10.cpi                             0.890540                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu10.cpi_total                       0.890540                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu10.ipc                             1.122915                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu10.ipc_total                       1.122915                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_reads                  78794                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu10.int_regfile_writes                 30518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu10.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_reads                  194772                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu10.cc_regfile_writes                  57407                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_reads                 12213                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu10.misc_regfile_writes                   89                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.616330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs             10085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           61.493902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.616330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.022086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           21218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses          21218                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data         9203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data          881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data        10084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total          10084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data        10086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total         10086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data     22521833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22521833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data      6596998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6596998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data       879432                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       879432                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu10.data       226500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       226500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu10.data     29118831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29118831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu10.data     29118831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29118831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data         9566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data          910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data        10476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        10479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.037947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.031868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.956522                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.956522                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.037419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.037504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 62043.617080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62043.617080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 227482.689655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227482.689655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 39974.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39974.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data         5500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         5500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 74282.732143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74282.732143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.data 74093.717557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74093.717557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2930                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           54                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.016393                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           54                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.data          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu10.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu10.data          218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu10.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu10.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data     10068584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10068584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data      2155001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2155001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data       802068                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       802068                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data       214500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       214500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data     12223585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12223585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data     12233085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12233085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.016935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.016609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.016700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 62151.753086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62151.753086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 179583.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179583.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 36457.636364                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36457.636364                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data  4214.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4214.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 70250.488506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70250.488506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.data 69903.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69903.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.782761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs              3597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs           70.529412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    12.782761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.024966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses           7389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst         3597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total           3597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst         3597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total          3597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           72                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      8681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      8681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      8681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst         3669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst         3669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total         3669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.019624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.019624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.019624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 120569.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120569.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 120569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 120569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu10.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu10.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      6856750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6856750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      6856750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6856750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst      6856750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6856750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 134446.078431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134446.078431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 134446.078431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134446.078431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu10.inst 134446.078431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134446.078431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.branchPred.lookups                 11911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.condPredicted           11292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu11.branchPred.condIncorrect             172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBLookups               9917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHits                  6585                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHitPct           66.401129                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu11.branchPred.usedRAS                   268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu11.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                          45064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu11.fetch.Insts                        62708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu11.fetch.Branches                     11911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu11.fetch.predictedBranches             6853                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu11.fetch.Cycles                       31212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu11.fetch.SquashCycles                   443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu11.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu11.fetch.CacheLines                    3555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu11.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  64                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::samples            36838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.770454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.148249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::0                  27030     73.38%     73.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::1                    556      1.51%     74.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::2                    260      0.71%     75.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::3                    554      1.50%     77.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::4                    489      1.33%     78.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::5                    410      1.11%     79.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::6                    483      1.31%     80.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::7                    870      2.36%     83.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::8                   6186     16.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::total              36838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.branchRate                0.264313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.fetch.rate                      1.391532                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.decode.IdleCycles                   4025                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu11.decode.BlockedCycles               24622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu11.decode.RunCycles                    1832                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu11.decode.UnblockCycles                6165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu11.decode.SquashCycles                  194                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu11.decode.BranchResolved                285                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu11.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu11.decode.DecodedInsts                60564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu11.rename.SquashCycles                  194                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu11.rename.IdleCycles                   6093                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu11.rename.BlockCycles                  3720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu11.rename.serializeStallCycles         4214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu11.rename.RunCycles                    5777                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu11.rename.UnblockCycles               16840                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedInsts                59729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu11.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu11.rename.IQFullEvents                16205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu11.rename.LQFullEvents                  312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu11.rename.RenamedOperands             96999                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu11.rename.RenameLookups              290954                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu11.rename.int_rename_lookups          85657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu11.rename.CommittedMaps               87314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu11.rename.UndoneMaps                   9684                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu11.rename.serializingInsts               73                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           71                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.skidInsts                   30442                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedLoads              10534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedStores              1266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingLoads             501                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingStores            225                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsAdded                    59035                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               118                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu11.iq.iqInstsIssued                   55922                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             693                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        25354                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        36838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.518052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.832523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8167     22.17%     22.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1420      3.85%     26.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             27251     73.98%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         36838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               40379     72.21%     72.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      5.50%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11488     20.54%     98.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               979      1.75%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::total                55922                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.rate                         1.240946                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           149373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           65241                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        53872                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.int_alu_accesses                55922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1144                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1766                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu11.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu11.iew.iewSquashCycles                  194                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu11.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1907                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             59156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               10534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               60                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   25                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           83                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           72                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.branchMispredicts                155                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecutedInsts               55793                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu11.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_refs                      12366                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_branches                  10042                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_stores                      970                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_rate                   1.238084                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu11.iew.wb_sent                        53930                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu11.iew.wb_count                       53872                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_producers                   41525                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_consumers                   78462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.iew.wb_rate                     1.195455                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu11.iew.wb_fanout                   0.529237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu11.commit.commitSquashedInsts          6020                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           104                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu11.commit.branchMispredicts             145                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        35979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.475110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.888834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13453     37.39%     37.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11458     31.85%     69.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3632     10.09%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3107      8.64%     87.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          235      0.65%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2778      7.72%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           92      0.26%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          144      0.40%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1080      3.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        35979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committedInsts              51759                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.commit.committedOps                53073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu11.commit.refs                        10315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu11.commit.loads                        9390                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu11.commit.membars                        51                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu11.commit.branches                     9913                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu11.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.int_insts                   43383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.function_calls                137                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          39683     74.77%     74.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.79%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9390     17.69%     98.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          925      1.74%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::total           53073                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.bw_lim_events                1080                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu11.rob.rob_reads                      93459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu11.rob.rob_writes                    119110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu11.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu11.idleCycles                          8226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu11.quiesceCycles                      99258                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu11.committedInsts                     51759                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu11.committedOps                       53073                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu11.cpi                             0.870651                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu11.cpi_total                       0.870651                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu11.ipc                             1.148566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu11.ipc_total                       1.148566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_reads                  79345                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu11.int_regfile_writes                 30590                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu11.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_reads                  195987                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu11.cc_regfile_writes                  57951                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_reads                 12211                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu11.misc_regfile_writes                   52                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          24.169275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs             10115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           61.303030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    24.169275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.023603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.161133                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           21256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses          21256                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data         9233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data          881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data        10114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total          10114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data        10116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total         10116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data          395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data     27172918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27172918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data      4165244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4165244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data       490415                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       490415                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data        43500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu11.data       460000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       460000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu11.data     31338162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     31338162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu11.data     31338162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     31338162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data          910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        10508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        10511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.038029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.031868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.037495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.037580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 74446.350685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74446.350685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 143629.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143629.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 37724.230769                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37724.230769                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data  5437.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5437.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 79538.482234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79538.482234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.data 79337.118987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79337.118987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4294                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          207                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.910569                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          207                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.data          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu11.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu11.data          220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu11.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu11.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data     12511523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12511523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data      1275003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1275003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data       441085                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       441085                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data        34500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        34500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data       445000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       445000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data     13786526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13786526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data     13796026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13796026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.016879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.016559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.016649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 77231.623457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77231.623457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 106250.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106250.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 33929.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33929.615385                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data  4312.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4312.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 79232.908046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79232.908046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.data 78834.434286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78834.434286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.604964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs              3474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           68.117647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst    12.604964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.024619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses           7161                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst         3474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst         3474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total           3474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst         3474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total          3474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst           81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           81                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           81                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu11.inst     10204250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10204250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu11.inst     10204250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10204250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu11.inst     10204250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10204250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst         3555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst         3555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total         3555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.022785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.022785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 125978.395062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125978.395062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 125978.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125978.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 125978.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125978.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu11.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      6660750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6660750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      6660750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6660750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst      6660750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6660750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.014346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.014346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.014346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 130602.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130602.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 130602.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130602.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu11.inst 130602.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130602.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.branchPred.lookups                 11733                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.condPredicted           11110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu12.branchPred.condIncorrect             174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBLookups               9685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHits                  6484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHitPct           66.948890                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu12.branchPred.usedRAS                   267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu12.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                          44403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu12.fetch.Insts                        62049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu12.fetch.Branches                     11733                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu12.fetch.predictedBranches             6751                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu12.fetch.Cycles                       30741                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu12.fetch.SquashCycles                   447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu12.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu12.fetch.CacheLines                    3567                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu12.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::samples            36390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.774389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.149642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::0                  26670     73.29%     73.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::1                    563      1.55%     74.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::2                    250      0.69%     75.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::3                    545      1.50%     77.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::4                    485      1.33%     78.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::5                    420      1.15%     79.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::6                    472      1.30%     80.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::7                    880      2.42%     83.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::8                   6105     16.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::total              36390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.branchRate                0.264239                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.fetch.rate                      1.397406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.decode.IdleCycles                   3969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu12.decode.BlockedCycles               24320                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu12.decode.RunCycles                    1824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu12.decode.UnblockCycles                6081                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu12.decode.SquashCycles                  196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu12.decode.BranchResolved                287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu12.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu12.decode.DecodedInsts                59846                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu12.rename.SquashCycles                  196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu12.rename.IdleCycles                   6018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu12.rename.BlockCycles                  3699                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu12.rename.serializeStallCycles         4148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu12.rename.RunCycles                    5720                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu12.rename.UnblockCycles               16609                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedInsts                58999                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu12.rename.ROBFullEvents                   2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu12.rename.IQFullEvents                16020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu12.rename.LQFullEvents                  287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu12.rename.RenamedOperands             95621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu12.rename.RenameLookups              287417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu12.rename.int_rename_lookups          84703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu12.rename.CommittedMaps               85998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu12.rename.UndoneMaps                   9612                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu12.rename.serializingInsts               76                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           75                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.skidInsts                   30089                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedLoads              10413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedStores              1269                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingLoads             475                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingStores            214                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsAdded                    58276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               121                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu12.iq.iqInstsIssued                   55176                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             667                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          6037                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        25304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        36390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.516241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.833000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8081     22.21%     22.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1442      3.96%     26.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             26867     73.83%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         36390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               39740     72.02%     72.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      5.57%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              11380     20.62%     98.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               980      1.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::total                55176                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.rate                         1.242619                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           147407                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           64442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        53127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.int_alu_accesses                55176                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              6                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1119                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1765                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu12.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu12.iew.iewSquashCycles                  196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu12.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1839                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 154                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             58400                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               10413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1269                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               62                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   21                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           82                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           73                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.branchMispredicts                155                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecutedInsts               55042                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               11284                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu12.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_refs                      12256                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_branches                   9857                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_stores                      972                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_rate                   1.239601                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu12.iew.wb_sent                        53182                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu12.iew.wb_count                       53127                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_producers                   40958                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_consumers                   77390                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.iew.wb_rate                     1.196473                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu12.iew.wb_fanout                   0.529242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu12.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           104                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu12.commit.branchMispredicts             147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        35538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.473352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.889580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13326     37.50%     37.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        11277     31.73%     69.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3614     10.17%     79.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         3053      8.59%     87.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          238      0.67%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2726      7.67%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           88      0.25%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          142      0.40%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1074      3.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        35538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committedInsts              51055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.commit.committedOps                52360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu12.commit.refs                        10215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu12.commit.loads                        9294                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu12.commit.membars                        50                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu12.commit.branches                     9737                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu12.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.int_insts                   42845                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.function_calls                136                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          39070     74.62%     74.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      5.87%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          9294     17.75%     98.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          921      1.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::total           52360                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.bw_lim_events                1074                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu12.rob.rob_reads                      92267                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu12.rob.rob_writes                    117589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu12.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu12.idleCycles                          8013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu12.quiesceCycles                      99919                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu12.committedInsts                     51055                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu12.committedOps                       52360                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu12.cpi                             0.869709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu12.cpi_total                       0.869709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu12.ipc                             1.149810                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu12.ipc_total                       1.149810                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_reads                  78336                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu12.int_regfile_writes                 30283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu12.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_reads                  193410                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu12.cc_regfile_writes                  56876                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_reads                 12121                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu12.misc_regfile_writes                   57                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          23.624113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs             10016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           61.073171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    23.624113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.023070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           21013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses          21013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data         9139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          9139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data          876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data        10015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total          10015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data        10017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total         10017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data          375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data     26153722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26153722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data      5289248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5289248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data       826978                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       826978                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data        40499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        40499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu12.data        47500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        47500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu12.data     31442970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     31442970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu12.data     31442970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     31442970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data         9484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data          905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        10389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        10392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.036377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.032044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.866667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.036000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.036085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 75807.889855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75807.889855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 182387.862069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182387.862069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 63613.692308                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63613.692308                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data  8099.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8099.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 84072.112299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84072.112299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.data 83847.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83847.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4070                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          236                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.089431                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          236                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu12.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu12.data          200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu12.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu12.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data     11957509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11957509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data      1858501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1858501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data       779022                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       779022                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data        30001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data        41500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data     13816010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13816010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data     13825010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13825010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.017081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.013260                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013260                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.016748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.016840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 73811.783951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73811.783951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 154875.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154875.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 59924.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59924.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data  6000.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6000.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 79402.356322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79402.356322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.data 79000.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79000.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.428587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs              3485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           68.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst    12.428587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.024275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses           7185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst         3485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst         3485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total           3485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst         3485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total          3485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           82                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      9696750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9696750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      9696750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9696750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      9696750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9696750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst         3567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         3567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total         3567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst         3567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total         3567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.022989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.022989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.022989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 118253.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118253.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 118253.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118253.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 118253.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118253.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          161                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu12.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      6899250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      6899250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst      6899250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6899250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.014298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.014298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.014298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 135279.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135279.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 135279.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135279.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu12.inst 135279.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135279.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.branchPred.lookups                 10430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.condPredicted            9874                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu13.branchPred.condIncorrect             163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBLookups               8849                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHits                  5823                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHitPct           65.804046                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu13.branchPred.usedRAS                   234                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu13.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                          43647                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu13.fetch.Insts                        56697                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu13.fetch.Branches                     10430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu13.fetch.predictedBranches             6057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu13.fetch.Cycles                       30189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu13.fetch.SquashCycles                   411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu13.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu13.fetch.CacheLines                    3456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu13.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::samples            35550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.658453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.062593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::0                  26545     74.67%     74.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::1                    564      1.59%     76.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::2                    272      0.77%     77.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::3                    540      1.52%     78.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::4                    419      1.18%     79.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::5                    435      1.22%     80.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::6                    417      1.17%     82.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::7                    987      2.78%     84.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::8                   5371     15.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::total              35550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.branchRate                0.238963                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.fetch.rate                      1.298990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.decode.IdleCycles                   3703                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu13.decode.BlockedCycles               24475                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu13.decode.RunCycles                    1667                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu13.decode.UnblockCycles                5527                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu13.decode.SquashCycles                  178                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu13.decode.BranchResolved                257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu13.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu13.decode.DecodedInsts                54671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu13.rename.SquashCycles                  178                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu13.rename.IdleCycles                   5571                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu13.rename.BlockCycles                  5253                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu13.rename.serializeStallCycles         4409                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu13.rename.RunCycles                    5238                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu13.rename.UnblockCycles               14901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedInsts                53902                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu13.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu13.rename.IQFullEvents                14418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu13.rename.LQFullEvents                  241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu13.rename.RenamedOperands             86570                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu13.rename.RenameLookups              262706                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu13.rename.int_rename_lookups          77854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu13.rename.CommittedMaps               77830                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu13.rename.UndoneMaps                   8738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu13.rename.serializingInsts               72                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           71                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.skidInsts                   27235                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedLoads               9722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedStores              1174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingLoads             415                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingStores            184                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsAdded                    53261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               106                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu13.iq.iqInstsIssued                   50318                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        23449                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        35550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.415415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.894332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9900     27.85%     27.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               982      2.76%     30.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             24668     69.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         35550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               35838     71.22%     71.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      6.11%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              10520     20.91%     98.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               884      1.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::total                50318                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.rate                         1.152840                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           136816                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           58952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48493                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.int_alu_accesses                50318                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              3                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1564                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu13.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu13.iew.iewSquashCycles                  178                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu13.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  96                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             53370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                9722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               58                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   16                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           76                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           69                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.branchMispredicts                145                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecutedInsts               50200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10432                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu13.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_refs                      11308                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_branches                   8754                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_stores                      876                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_rate                   1.150136                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu13.iew.wb_sent                        48541                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu13.iew.wb_count                       48493                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_producers                   37714                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_consumers                   70763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.iew.wb_rate                     1.111027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu13.iew.wb_fanout                   0.532962                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu13.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            94                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu13.commit.branchMispredicts             136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        34757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.374946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.888933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        14668     42.20%     42.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        10176     29.28%     71.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3318      9.55%     81.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2708      7.79%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          191      0.55%     89.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2388      6.87%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           78      0.22%     96.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          159      0.46%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1071      3.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        34757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committedInsts              46642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.commit.committedOps                47789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu13.commit.refs                         9484                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu13.commit.loads                        8656                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu13.commit.membars                        44                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu13.commit.branches                     8650                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu13.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.int_insts                   39334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.function_calls                120                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          35230     73.72%     73.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      6.43%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          8656     18.11%     98.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          828      1.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::total           47789                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.bw_lim_events                1071                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu13.rob.rob_reads                      86598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu13.rob.rob_writes                    107530                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu13.timesIdled                            46                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu13.idleCycles                          8097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu13.quiesceCycles                     100675                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu13.committedInsts                     46642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu13.committedOps                       47789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu13.cpi                             0.935787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu13.cpi_total                       0.935787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu13.ipc                             1.068619                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu13.ipc_total                       1.068619                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_reads                  71908                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu13.int_regfile_writes                 28371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu13.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_reads                  176943                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu13.cc_regfile_writes                  50508                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_reads                 11287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu13.misc_regfile_writes                   64                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.046064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs              9267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           56.852761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.046064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.021529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.159180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           19541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses          19541                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data         8485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          8485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data          781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data         9266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total           9266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data         9268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total          9268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data          381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data     41261796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41261796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data      3617988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3617988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data       756976                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       756976                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu13.data       251000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       251000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu13.data     44879784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     44879784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu13.data     44879784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     44879784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data         8836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data          810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         9646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data         9649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.039395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.039486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 117554.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117554.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 124758.206897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124758.206897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 54069.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54069.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data  4166.555556                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4166.555556                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 118104.694737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118104.694737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.data 117794.708661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117794.708661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3640                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          197                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu13.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu13.data          207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu13.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu13.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data     12151102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12151102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data      1140506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1140506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data       706524                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       706524                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data       233000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data     13291608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13291608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data     13300608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13300608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.018221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014815                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014815                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.017935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.018033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 75472.683230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75472.683230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 95042.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95042.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data        50466                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50466                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data  3000.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3000.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 76830.104046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76830.104046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.data 76440.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76440.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.219738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs              3376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           66.196078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    12.219738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.023867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses           6963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst         3376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total           3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst         3376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total          3376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      9976750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9976750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      9976750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9976750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      9976750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9976750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst         3456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         3456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total         3456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst         3456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total         3456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.023148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.023148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.023148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 124709.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124709.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 124709.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124709.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 124709.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124709.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          142                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu13.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      6841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      6841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst      6841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.014757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.014757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.014757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 134137.254902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134137.254902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 134137.254902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134137.254902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu13.inst 134137.254902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134137.254902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.branchPred.lookups                 10432                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.condPredicted            9844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu14.branchPred.condIncorrect             170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBLookups               8751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHits                  5832                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHitPct           66.643812                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu14.branchPred.usedRAS                   247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu14.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                          43022                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu14.fetch.Insts                        56915                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu14.fetch.Branches                     10432                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu14.fetch.predictedBranches             6079                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu14.fetch.Cycles                       29344                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu14.fetch.SquashCycles                   427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu14.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu14.fetch.CacheLines                    3521                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu14.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  65                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::samples            34729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.705981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.091800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::0                  25681     73.95%     73.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::1                    545      1.57%     75.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::2                    277      0.80%     76.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::3                    543      1.56%     77.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::4                    455      1.31%     79.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::5                    435      1.25%     80.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::6                    450      1.30%     81.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::7                    920      2.65%     84.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::8                   5423     15.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::total              34729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.branchRate                0.242481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.fetch.rate                      1.322928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.decode.IdleCycles                   3738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu14.decode.BlockedCycles               23567                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu14.decode.RunCycles                    1737                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu14.decode.UnblockCycles                5502                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu14.decode.SquashCycles                  185                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu14.decode.BranchResolved                270                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu14.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu14.decode.DecodedInsts                54817                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu14.rename.SquashCycles                  185                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu14.rename.IdleCycles                   5601                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu14.rename.BlockCycles                  3873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu14.rename.serializeStallCycles         4890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu14.rename.RunCycles                    5272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu14.rename.UnblockCycles               14908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedInsts                54031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu14.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu14.rename.IQFullEvents                14370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu14.rename.LQFullEvents                  232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu14.rename.RenamedOperands             86445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu14.rename.RenameLookups              263258                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu14.rename.int_rename_lookups          77940                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu14.rename.CommittedMaps               77178                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu14.rename.UndoneMaps                   9263                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu14.rename.serializingInsts               91                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.skidInsts                   27247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedLoads               9796                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedStores              1230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingLoads             434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingStores            205                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsAdded                    53311                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               128                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu14.iq.iqInstsIssued                   50164                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             675                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5971                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        24614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        34729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.444441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.875731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9029     26.00%     26.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1236      3.56%     29.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             24464     70.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         34729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               35635     71.04%     71.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      6.13%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              10546     21.02%     98.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               907      1.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::total                50164                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.rate                         1.166008                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           135730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           59418                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48308                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.int_alu_accesses                50164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1166                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          393                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1568                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu14.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu14.iew.iewSquashCycles                  185                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu14.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 969                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             53442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                9796                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               75                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   19                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 890                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           78                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           76                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.branchMispredicts                154                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecutedInsts               50034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10459                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu14.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_refs                      11354                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_branches                   8698                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_stores                      895                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_rate                   1.162986                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu14.iew.wb_sent                        48366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu14.iew.wb_count                       48308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_producers                   37549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_consumers                   70407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.iew.wb_rate                     1.122867                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu14.iew.wb_fanout                   0.533313                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu14.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           112                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu14.commit.branchMispredicts             142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        33890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.400649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.895652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13902     41.02%     41.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        10147     29.94%     70.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3305      9.75%     80.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2684      7.92%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          181      0.53%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2373      7.00%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           80      0.24%     96.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          154      0.45%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1064      3.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        33890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committedInsts              46328                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.commit.committedOps                47468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu14.commit.refs                         9467                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu14.commit.loads                        8630                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu14.commit.membars                        45                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu14.commit.branches                     8568                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu14.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.int_insts                   39093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.function_calls                119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          34926     73.58%     73.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      6.48%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          8630     18.18%     98.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          837      1.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::total           47468                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.bw_lim_events                1064                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu14.rob.rob_reads                      85748                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu14.rob.rob_writes                    107662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu14.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu14.idleCycles                          8293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu14.quiesceCycles                     101300                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu14.committedInsts                     46328                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu14.committedOps                       47468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu14.cpi                             0.928639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu14.cpi_total                       0.928639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu14.ipc                             1.076844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu14.ipc_total                       1.076844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_reads                  71586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu14.int_regfile_writes                 28353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu14.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_reads                  176538                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu14.cc_regfile_writes                  50081                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_reads                 11436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu14.misc_regfile_writes                  139                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.580273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs              9252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           56.414634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.580273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.022051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           19563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses          19563                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data         8481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          8481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data          770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data         9251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total           9251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data         9253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total          9253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data     23048732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23048732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      7338498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7338498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1188970                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1188970                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu14.data        88500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu14.data     30387230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     30387230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu14.data     30387230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     30387230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data         8834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data          802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data         9636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data         9639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.039959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.039900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.911765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.911765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.039954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.040046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 65293.858357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65293.858357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 229328.062500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229328.062500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 38353.870968                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38353.870968                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data         7700                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7700                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 78927.870130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78927.870130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.data 78723.393782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78723.393782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2747                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          305                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.702479                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          305                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu14.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu14.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu14.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu14.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      9614009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9614009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      2312501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2312501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data      1076530                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1076530                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data        82500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        82500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data     11926510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11926510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data     11935510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11935510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.018338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.014963                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014963                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.911765                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911765                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.018057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.018155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 59345.734568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59345.734568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 192708.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192708.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 34726.774194                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34726.774194                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data         5900                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5900                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 68543.160920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68543.160920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.data 68202.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68202.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse          12.114730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs              3445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           66.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    12.114730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.023662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses           7094                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst         3445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst         3445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total           3445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         3445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total          3445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      9583500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9583500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      9583500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9583500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      9583500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9583500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst         3521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst         3521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total         3521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst         3521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total         3521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 126098.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126098.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 126098.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126098.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 126098.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126098.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           84                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu14.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst      7359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 141519.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141519.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 141519.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141519.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu14.inst 141519.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141519.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.branchPred.lookups                 10270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.condPredicted            9698                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu15.branchPred.condIncorrect             166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBLookups               8414                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHits                  5741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHitPct           68.231519                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu15.branchPred.usedRAS                   242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu15.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                          42131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu15.fetch.Insts                        56206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu15.fetch.Branches                     10270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu15.fetch.predictedBranches             5983                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu15.fetch.Cycles                       28172                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu15.fetch.SquashCycles                   419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu15.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu15.fetch.CacheLines                    3504                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu15.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  61                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::samples            33491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.746051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.112450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::0                  24510     73.18%     73.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::1                    569      1.70%     74.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::2                    292      0.87%     75.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::3                    545      1.63%     77.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::4                    434      1.30%     78.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::5                    449      1.34%     80.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::6                    427      1.27%     81.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::7                    974      2.91%     84.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::8                   5291     15.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::total              33491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.branchRate                0.243763                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.fetch.rate                      1.334077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.decode.IdleCycles                   3713                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu15.decode.BlockedCycles               22466                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu15.decode.RunCycles                    1679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu15.decode.UnblockCycles                5451                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu15.decode.SquashCycles                  182                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu15.decode.BranchResolved                264                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu15.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu15.decode.DecodedInsts                54088                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu15.rename.SquashCycles                  182                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu15.rename.IdleCycles                   5541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu15.rename.BlockCycles                  4569                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu15.rename.serializeStallCycles         3256                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu15.rename.RunCycles                    5182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu15.rename.UnblockCycles               14761                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedInsts                53313                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu15.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu15.rename.IQFullEvents                14259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu15.rename.LQFullEvents                  195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu15.rename.RenamedOperands             85332                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu15.rename.RenameLookups              259830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu15.rename.int_rename_lookups          77006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu15.rename.CommittedMaps               76257                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu15.rename.UndoneMaps                   9064                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu15.rename.serializingInsts               65                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           64                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.skidInsts                   26968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedLoads               9673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedStores              1175                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingLoads             430                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingStores            190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsAdded                    52626                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               100                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu15.iq.iqInstsIssued                   49718                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             660                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5829                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        23940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        33491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.484518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.854558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8046     24.02%     24.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1172      3.50%     27.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             24273     72.48%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         33491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               35201     70.80%     70.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      6.19%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              10585     21.29%     98.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               856      1.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::total                49718                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.rate                         1.180081                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           133585                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           58567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        47738                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.int_alu_accesses                49718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          380                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1702                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu15.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu15.iew.iewSquashCycles                  182                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu15.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1650                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             52729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                9673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1175                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               49                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   23                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1411                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           76                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.branchMispredicts                150                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecutedInsts               49588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu15.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_refs                      11339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_branches                   8573                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_stores                      846                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_rate                   1.176996                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu15.iew.wb_sent                        47792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu15.iew.wb_count                       47738                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_producers                   37128                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_consumers                   69525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.iew.wb_rate                     1.133085                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu15.iew.wb_fanout                   0.534024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu15.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            86                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu15.commit.branchMispredicts             139                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        32668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.435564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.909638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13005     39.81%     39.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         9913     30.34%     70.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3288     10.06%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2636      8.07%     88.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          165      0.51%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2380      7.29%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           79      0.24%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          150      0.46%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1052      3.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        32668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committedInsts              45786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.commit.committedOps                46897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu15.commit.refs                         9333                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu15.commit.loads                        8538                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu15.commit.membars                        44                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu15.commit.branches                     8441                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu15.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.int_insts                   38644                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.function_calls                116                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          34489     73.54%     73.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      6.56%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          8538     18.21%     98.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          795      1.70%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::total           46897                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.bw_lim_events                1052                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu15.rob.rob_reads                      83839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu15.rob.rob_writes                    106218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu15.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu15.idleCycles                          8640                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu15.quiesceCycles                     102191                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu15.committedInsts                     45786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu15.committedOps                       46897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu15.cpi                             0.920172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu15.cpi_total                       0.920172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu15.ipc                             1.086753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu15.ipc_total                       1.086753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_reads                  71060                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu15.int_regfile_writes                 28083                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu15.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_reads                  174843                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu15.cc_regfile_writes                  49444                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_reads                 11173                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu15.misc_regfile_writes                   34                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          21.737054                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs              9149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           56.128834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.737054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.021228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.159180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           19305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses          19305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data         8393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          8393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data          755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data         9148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total           9148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data         9150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total          9150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data          395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data     24062733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24062733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data      7193996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7193996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data       509481                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       509481                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu15.data       132500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       132500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu15.data     31256729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     31256729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu15.data     31256729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     31256729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data         8758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data          784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         9542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data         9545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.041676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.036990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.041291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.041383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 65925.295890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65925.295890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 248068.827586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 248068.827586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data        56609                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        56609                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data  6416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 79331.799492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79331.799492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.data 79130.959494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79130.959494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.688525                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    66.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.data          204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu15.data          221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu15.data          221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu15.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu15.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data     10411102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10411102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data      2314502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2314502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data       479519                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       479519                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data       123500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       123500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data     12725604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12725604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data     12735104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12735104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.018383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.015306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.018130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.018229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 64665.229814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64665.229814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 192875.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192875.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 53279.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53279.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data  4916.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4916.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 73558.404624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73558.404624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.data 73190.252874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73190.252874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.765047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs              3430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           67.254902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    11.765047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.022979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses           7059                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst         3430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst         3430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total           3430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst         3430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total          3430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9495250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9495250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9495250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9495250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      9495250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9495250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst         3504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         3504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total         3504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst         3504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total         3504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.021119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.021119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 128314.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128314.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 128314.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128314.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 128314.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128314.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          159                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu15.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7245500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7245500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7245500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7245500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst      7245500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7245500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 142068.627451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142068.627451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 142068.627451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142068.627451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu15.inst 142068.627451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142068.627451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu16.branchPred.lookups                  9395                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu16.branchPred.condPredicted            8817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu16.branchPred.condIncorrect             173                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBLookups               7847                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBHits                  5315                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu16.branchPred.BTBHitPct           67.732892                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu16.branchPred.usedRAS                   236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu16.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu16.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu16.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu16.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu16.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu16.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu16.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu16.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu16.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu16.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu16.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu16.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu16.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu16.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu16.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu16.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu16.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu16.numCycles                          41554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu16.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5161                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu16.fetch.Insts                        52809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu16.fetch.Branches                      9395                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu16.fetch.predictedBranches             5551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu16.fetch.Cycles                       27650                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu16.fetch.SquashCycles                   427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu16.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu16.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu16.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           19                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu16.fetch.CacheLines                    3530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu16.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  68                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::samples            33053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.665446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.045753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::0                  24463     74.01%     74.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::1                    591      1.79%     75.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::2                    297      0.90%     76.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::3                    557      1.69%     78.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::4                    417      1.26%     79.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::5                    488      1.48%     81.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::6                    403      1.22%     82.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::7                   1030      3.12%     85.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::8                   4807     14.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.rateDist::total              33053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu16.fetch.branchRate                0.226091                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu16.fetch.rate                      1.270852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu16.decode.IdleCycles                   3568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu16.decode.BlockedCycles               22611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu16.decode.RunCycles                    1648                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu16.decode.UnblockCycles                5040                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu16.decode.SquashCycles                  186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu16.decode.BranchResolved                265                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu16.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu16.decode.DecodedInsts                50716                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu16.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu16.rename.SquashCycles                  186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu16.rename.IdleCycles                   5257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu16.rename.BlockCycles                  4614                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu16.rename.serializeStallCycles         4440                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu16.rename.RunCycles                    4900                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu16.rename.UnblockCycles               13656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu16.rename.RenamedInsts                49898                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu16.rename.ROBFullEvents                   1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu16.rename.IQFullEvents                13161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu16.rename.LQFullEvents                  219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu16.rename.RenamedOperands             78886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu16.rename.RenameLookups              243209                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu16.rename.int_rename_lookups          72352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu16.rename.CommittedMaps               69962                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu16.rename.UndoneMaps                   8923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu16.rename.serializingInsts               69                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu16.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu16.rename.skidInsts                   24881                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu16.memDep0.insertedLoads               9202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu16.memDep0.insertedStores              1127                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu16.memDep0.conflictingLoads             403                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu16.memDep0.conflictingStores            175                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu16.iq.iqInstsAdded                    49053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu16.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               116                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu16.iq.iqInstsIssued                   46324                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             646                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5730                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        23075                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu16.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        33053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.401507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.895627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9285     28.09%     28.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1212      3.67%     31.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             22556     68.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         33053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               32304     69.73%     69.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      6.64%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              10130     21.87%     98.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               814      1.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.FU_type_0::total                46324                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu16.iq.rate                         1.114790                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu16.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu16.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           126345                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           54909                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu16.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        44340                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu16.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu16.iq.int_alu_accesses                46324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu16.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1126                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          374                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu16.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1709                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu16.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu16.iew.iewSquashCycles                  186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu16.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1677                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu16.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1563                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             49172                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                9202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1127                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               59                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   31                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu16.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1478                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu16.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu16.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu16.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           84                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu16.iew.branchMispredicts                158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecutedInsts               46192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10045                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu16.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu16.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_refs                      10849                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_branches                   7751                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_stores                      804                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu16.iew.exec_rate                   1.111614                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu16.iew.wb_sent                        44389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu16.iew.wb_count                       44340                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu16.iew.wb_producers                   34608                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu16.iew.wb_consumers                   64453                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu16.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu16.iew.wb_rate                     1.067045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu16.iew.wb_fanout                   0.536949                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu16.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu16.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu16.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            92                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu16.commit.branchMispredicts             146                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        32243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.347238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.896248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        14108     43.76%     43.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         9105     28.24%     71.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3128      9.70%     81.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2374      7.36%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          145      0.45%     89.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2137      6.63%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           70      0.22%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          137      0.42%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1039      3.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        32243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu16.commit.committedInsts              42415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu16.commit.committedOps                43439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu16.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu16.commit.refs                         8829                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu16.commit.loads                        8076                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu16.commit.membars                        41                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu16.commit.branches                     7605                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu16.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu16.commit.int_insts                   36007                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu16.commit.function_calls                107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          31535     72.60%     72.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      7.08%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          8076     18.59%     98.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          753      1.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.op_class_0::total           43439                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu16.commit.bw_lim_events                1039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu16.rob.rob_reads                      79910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu16.rob.rob_writes                     99093                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu16.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu16.idleCycles                          8501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu16.quiesceCycles                     102768                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu16.committedInsts                     42415                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu16.committedOps                       43439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu16.cpi                             0.979701                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu16.cpi_total                       0.979701                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu16.ipc                             1.020720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu16.ipc_total                       1.020720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu16.int_regfile_reads                  66458                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu16.int_regfile_writes                 26728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu16.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu16.cc_regfile_reads                  163329                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu16.cc_regfile_writes                  44596                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu16.misc_regfile_reads                 10719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu16.misc_regfile_writes                   83                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          21.567834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.total_refs              8621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.avg_refs           52.889571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu16.data    21.567834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu16.data     0.021062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.159180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           18294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.tags.data_accesses          18294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu16.data         7919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu16.data          701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu16.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu16.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_hits::cpu16.data         8620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_hits::total           8620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_hits::cpu16.data         8622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_hits::total          8622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu16.data          371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu16.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu16.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu16.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_misses::cpu16.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_misses::cpu16.data          401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_misses::total          401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data     23840786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23840786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data      7386738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7386738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data       977448                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       977448                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu16.data        96000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        96000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu16.data     31227524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     31227524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu16.data     31227524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     31227524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu16.data         8290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu16.data          730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu16.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu16.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu16.data         9020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu16.data         9023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.044753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.039726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.863636                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.863636                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.044346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.044442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 64260.878706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64260.878706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 254715.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 254715.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 51444.631579                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51444.631579                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 78068.810000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78068.810000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.data 77874.124688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77874.124688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           82                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.688525                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           41                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu16.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.data          210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu16.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu16.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu16.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu16.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data     10441107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10441107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data      2436006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data       911552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       911552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data        90000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data     12877113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12877113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data     12886613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12886613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.019421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.016438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.019180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.data     0.019284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 64851.596273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64851.596273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 203000.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203000.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 47976.421053                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47976.421053                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5400.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 74434.179191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74434.179191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.data 74060.994253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74060.994253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu16.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu16.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.604340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu16.icache.tags.total_refs              3457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.avg_refs           67.784314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu16.inst    11.604340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu16.inst     0.022665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu16.icache.tags.tag_accesses            7111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu16.icache.tags.data_accesses           7111                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu16.inst         3457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_hits::cpu16.inst         3457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_hits::total           3457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_hits::cpu16.inst         3457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_hits::total          3457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu16.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_misses::cpu16.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_misses::cpu16.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      9671500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9671500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      9671500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9671500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      9671500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9671500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu16.inst         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu16.icache.demand_accesses::cpu16.inst         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_accesses::total         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_accesses::cpu16.inst         3530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_accesses::total         3530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.020680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.020680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.020680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132486.301370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132486.301370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132486.301370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132486.301370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 132486.301370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132486.301370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           68                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu16.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu16.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu16.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu16.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7716750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7716750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7716750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7716750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst      7716750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7716750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.014448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.014448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu16.inst     0.014448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 151308.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151308.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 151308.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151308.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu16.inst 151308.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151308.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu16.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu17.branchPred.lookups                  9418                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu17.branchPred.condPredicted            8866                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu17.branchPred.condIncorrect             170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBLookups               7427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBHits                  5320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu17.branchPred.BTBHitPct           71.630537                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu17.branchPred.usedRAS                   226                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu17.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu17.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu17.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu17.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu17.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu17.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu17.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu17.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu17.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu17.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu17.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu17.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu17.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu17.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu17.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu17.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu17.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu17.numCycles                          40968                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu17.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu17.fetch.Insts                        52641                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu17.fetch.Branches                      9418                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu17.fetch.predictedBranches             5546                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu17.fetch.Cycles                       26432                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu17.fetch.SquashCycles                   415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu17.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu17.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu17.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu17.fetch.CacheLines                    3433                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu17.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  68                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::samples            31954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.715372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.092581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::0                  23544     73.68%     73.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::1                    520      1.63%     75.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::2                    255      0.80%     76.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::3                    515      1.61%     77.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::4                    449      1.41%     79.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::5                    385      1.20%     80.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::6                    451      1.41%     81.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::7                    869      2.72%     84.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::8                   4966     15.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.rateDist::total              31954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu17.fetch.branchRate                0.229887                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu17.fetch.rate                      1.284930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu17.decode.IdleCycles                   3566                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu17.decode.BlockedCycles               21483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu17.decode.RunCycles                    1617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu17.decode.UnblockCycles                5108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu17.decode.SquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu17.decode.BranchResolved                263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu17.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu17.decode.DecodedInsts                50864                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu17.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu17.rename.SquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu17.rename.IdleCycles                   5275                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu17.rename.BlockCycles                  3519                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu17.rename.serializeStallCycles         4079                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu17.rename.RunCycles                    4889                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu17.rename.UnblockCycles               14012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu17.rename.RenamedInsts                50090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu17.rename.ROBFullEvents                   1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu17.rename.IQFullEvents                13440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu17.rename.LQFullEvents                  289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu17.rename.RenamedOperands             79508                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu17.rename.RenameLookups              244142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu17.rename.int_rename_lookups          72619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu17.rename.CommittedMaps               71070                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu17.rename.UndoneMaps                   8436                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu17.rename.serializingInsts               65                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu17.rename.tempSerializingInsts           63                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu17.rename.skidInsts                   25481                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu17.memDep0.insertedLoads               9184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu17.memDep0.insertedStores              1114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu17.memDep0.conflictingLoads             390                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu17.memDep0.conflictingStores            176                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu17.iq.iqInstsAdded                    49361                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu17.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu17.iq.iqInstsIssued                   46752                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5465                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        22598                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu17.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        31954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.463103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.861537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7886     24.68%     24.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1384      4.33%     29.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             22684     70.99%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         31954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               32706     69.96%     69.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      6.58%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              10176     21.77%     98.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               794      1.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.FU_type_0::total                46752                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu17.iq.rate                         1.141183                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu17.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu17.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           126085                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           54941                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu17.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        44751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu17.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu17.iq.int_alu_accesses                46752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu17.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          374                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu17.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1742                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu17.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu17.iew.iewSquashCycles                  180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu17.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1824                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu17.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             49472                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                9184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               51                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   16                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu17.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu17.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu17.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           73                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu17.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           80                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu17.iew.branchMispredicts                153                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecutedInsts               46635                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               10097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu17.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu17.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_refs                      10881                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_branches                   7883                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_stores                      784                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu17.iew.exec_rate                   1.138327                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu17.iew.wb_sent                        44795                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu17.iew.wb_count                       44751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu17.iew.wb_producers                   34941                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu17.iew.wb_consumers                   65156                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu17.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu17.iew.wb_rate                     1.092340                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu17.iew.wb_fanout                   0.536267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu17.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu17.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu17.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            82                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu17.commit.branchMispredicts             143                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        31174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.411561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.905826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12733     40.84%     40.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         9250     29.67%     70.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3156     10.12%     80.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2470      7.92%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          196      0.63%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2152      6.90%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           66      0.21%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          116      0.37%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1035      3.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        31174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu17.commit.committedInsts              42992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu17.commit.committedOps                44004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu17.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu17.commit.refs                         8873                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu17.commit.loads                        8133                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu17.commit.membars                        40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu17.commit.branches                     7752                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu17.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu17.commit.int_insts                   36423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu17.commit.function_calls                106                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          32056     72.85%     72.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      6.99%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          8133     18.48%     98.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          740      1.68%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.op_class_0::total           44004                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu17.commit.bw_lim_events                1035                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu17.rob.rob_reads                      79220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu17.rob.rob_writes                     99723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu17.timesIdled                            46                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu17.idleCycles                          9014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu17.quiesceCycles                     103354                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu17.committedInsts                     42992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu17.committedOps                       44004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu17.cpi                             0.952921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu17.cpi_total                       0.952921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu17.ipc                             1.049404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu17.ipc_total                       1.049404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu17.int_regfile_reads                  67075                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu17.int_regfile_writes                 26817                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu17.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu17.cc_regfile_reads                  164697                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu17.cc_regfile_writes                  45390                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu17.misc_regfile_reads                 10697                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu17.misc_regfile_writes                   50                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          23.205719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.total_refs              8658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.avg_refs           52.792683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu17.data    23.205719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu17.data     0.022662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           18321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.tags.data_accesses          18321                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu17.data         7963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu17.data          693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu17.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_hits::cpu17.data         8656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_hits::total           8656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_hits::cpu17.data         8658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_hits::total          8658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu17.data          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu17.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu17.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu17.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu17.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_misses::cpu17.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_misses::cpu17.data          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_misses::total          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data     25949415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25949415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data      3827996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3827996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data       815993                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       815993                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu17.data        43500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu17.data     29777411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29777411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu17.data     29777411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29777411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu17.data         8323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu17.data          725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu17.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu17.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu17.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu17.data         9048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu17.data         9051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.043254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.044138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.043324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.043421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 72081.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72081.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 119624.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119624.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 62768.692308                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62768.692308                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data        14500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 75962.783163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75962.783163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.data 75769.493639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75769.493639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           68                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    35.504065                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           68                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu17.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.data          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu17.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu17.data          218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu17.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu17.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data     12850520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12850520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data      1226252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1226252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data       769507                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       769507                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data        34500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        34500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data     14076772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14076772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data     14086272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14086272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.019464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.016552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.019231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.data     0.019335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 79324.197531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79324.197531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 102187.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102187.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 59192.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data        11500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 80900.988506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80900.988506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.data 80492.982857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80492.982857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu17.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu17.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.190682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu17.icache.tags.total_refs              3348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.avg_refs           66.960000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu17.inst    11.190682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu17.inst     0.021857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu17.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu17.icache.tags.data_accesses           6916                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu17.inst         3348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_hits::cpu17.inst         3348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_hits::total           3348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_hits::cpu17.inst         3348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_hits::total          3348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu17.inst           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_misses::cpu17.inst           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_misses::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_misses::cpu17.inst           85                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_misses::total           85                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu17.inst     12731250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12731250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu17.inst     12731250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12731250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu17.inst     12731250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12731250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu17.inst         3433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu17.icache.demand_accesses::cpu17.inst         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_accesses::total         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_accesses::cpu17.inst         3433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_accesses::total         3433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.024760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.024760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.024760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 149779.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149779.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 149779.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149779.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu17.inst 149779.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149779.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          737                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu17.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu17.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu17.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu17.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      8316750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8316750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      8316750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8316750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst      8316750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8316750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.014565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.014565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu17.inst     0.014565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst       166335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst       166335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu17.inst       166335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu17.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu18.branchPred.lookups                  9087                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu18.branchPred.condPredicted            8559                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu18.branchPred.condIncorrect             165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBLookups               7265                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBHits                  5146                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu18.branchPred.BTBHitPct           70.832760                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu18.branchPred.usedRAS                   220                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu18.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu18.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu18.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu18.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu18.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu18.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu18.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu18.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu18.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu18.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu18.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu18.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu18.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu18.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu18.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu18.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu18.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu18.numCycles                          40134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu18.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu18.fetch.Insts                        51420                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu18.fetch.Branches                      9087                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu18.fetch.predictedBranches             5366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu18.fetch.Cycles                       25981                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu18.fetch.SquashCycles                   405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu18.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu18.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu18.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu18.fetch.CacheLines                    3419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu18.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  71                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::samples            31329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.708098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.081739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::0                  23067     73.63%     73.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::1                    524      1.67%     75.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::2                    279      0.89%     76.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::3                    507      1.62%     77.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::4                    424      1.35%     79.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::5                    407      1.30%     80.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::6                    430      1.37%     81.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::7                    929      2.97%     84.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::8                   4762     15.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.rateDist::total              31329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu18.fetch.branchRate                0.226417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu18.fetch.rate                      1.281208                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu18.decode.IdleCycles                   3476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu18.decode.BlockedCycles               21131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu18.decode.RunCycles                    1578                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu18.decode.UnblockCycles                4970                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu18.decode.SquashCycles                  174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu18.decode.BranchResolved                247                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu18.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu18.decode.DecodedInsts                49607                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu18.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu18.rename.SquashCycles                  174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu18.rename.IdleCycles                   5134                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu18.rename.BlockCycles                  3602                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu18.rename.serializeStallCycles         4195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu18.rename.RunCycles                    4784                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu18.rename.UnblockCycles               13440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu18.rename.RenamedInsts                48856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu18.rename.ROBFullEvents                   2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu18.rename.IQFullEvents                12916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu18.rename.LQFullEvents                  285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu18.rename.RenamedOperands             77203                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu18.rename.RenameLookups              238189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu18.rename.int_rename_lookups          70991                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu18.rename.CommittedMaps               68665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu18.rename.UndoneMaps                   8535                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu18.rename.serializingInsts               69                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu18.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu18.rename.skidInsts                   24493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu18.memDep0.insertedLoads               9073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu18.memDep0.insertedStores              1113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu18.memDep0.conflictingLoads             368                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu18.memDep0.conflictingStores            175                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu18.iq.iqInstsAdded                    48172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu18.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu18.iq.iqInstsIssued                   45404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        22862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu18.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        31329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.449264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.873359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8072     25.77%     25.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1110      3.54%     29.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             22147     70.69%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         31329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               31622     69.65%     69.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      6.77%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               9920     21.85%     98.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               786      1.73%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.FU_type_0::total                45404                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu18.iq.rate                         1.131310                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu18.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu18.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           122780                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           53890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu18.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        43505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu18.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu18.iq.int_alu_accesses                45404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu18.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1116                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          397                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu18.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1627                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu18.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu18.iew.iewSquashCycles                  174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu18.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1476                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu18.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 910                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             48279                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                9073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               56                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   32                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu18.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 820                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu18.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu18.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           72                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu18.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           77                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu18.iew.branchMispredicts                149                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecutedInsts               45277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                9836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu18.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu18.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_refs                      10610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_branches                   7566                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_stores                      774                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu18.iew.exec_rate                   1.128146                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu18.iew.wb_sent                        43553                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu18.iew.wb_count                       43505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu18.iew.wb_producers                   34121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu18.iew.wb_consumers                   63463                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu18.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu18.iew.wb_rate                     1.083994                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu18.iew.wb_fanout                   0.537652                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu18.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu18.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5543                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu18.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            87                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu18.commit.branchMispredicts             137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        30540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.397184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.913758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12697     41.57%     41.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8984     29.42%     70.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3047      9.98%     80.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2364      7.74%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          207      0.68%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1999      6.55%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           64      0.21%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          131      0.43%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1047      3.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        30540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu18.commit.committedInsts              41704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu18.commit.committedOps                42670                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu18.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu18.commit.refs                         8673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu18.commit.loads                        7957                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu18.commit.membars                        39                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu18.commit.branches                     7433                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu18.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu18.commit.int_insts                   35400                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu18.commit.function_calls                101                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          30922     72.47%     72.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      7.21%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7957     18.65%     98.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          716      1.68%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.op_class_0::total           42670                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu18.commit.bw_lim_events                1047                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu18.rob.rob_reads                      77329                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu18.rob.rob_writes                     97284                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu18.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu18.idleCycles                          8805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu18.quiesceCycles                     104188                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu18.committedInsts                     41704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu18.committedOps                       42670                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu18.cpi                             0.962354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu18.cpi_total                       0.962354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu18.ipc                             1.039119                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu18.ipc_total                       1.039119                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu18.int_regfile_reads                  65256                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu18.int_regfile_writes                 26334                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu18.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu18.cc_regfile_reads                  160191                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu18.cc_regfile_writes                  43577                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu18.misc_regfile_reads                 10523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu18.misc_regfile_writes                   86                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.533021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.total_refs              8473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.avg_refs           51.351515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu18.data    22.533021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu18.data     0.022005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.161133                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           17981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.tags.data_accesses          17981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu18.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu18.data          662                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu18.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu18.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_hits::cpu18.data         8472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_hits::total           8472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_hits::cpu18.data         8474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_hits::total          8474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu18.data          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu18.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu18.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu18.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu18.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_misses::cpu18.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_misses::total          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_misses::cpu18.data          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_misses::total          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data     21220478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21220478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data      6888240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6888240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data       600444                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       600444                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data        37498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu18.data       430000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       430000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu18.data     28108718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     28108718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu18.data     28108718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     28108718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu18.data         8163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu18.data          694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu18.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu18.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu18.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu18.data         8857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu18.data         8860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.043244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.046110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.809524                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.809524                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.043468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.043567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 60114.668555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.668555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 215257.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215257.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 35320.235294                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35320.235294                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data  3749.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3749.800000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 73009.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73009.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.data 72820.512953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72820.512953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2823                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           77                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.330579                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           77                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu18.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu18.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu18.data          210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu18.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu18.data          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      9686261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9686261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data      2229505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2229505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       534056                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       534056                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data        25502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        25502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data       409000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       409000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data     11915766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11915766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data     11925266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11925266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.019968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.017291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.809524                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809524                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.019758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.data     0.019865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 59424.914110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59424.914110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 185792.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185792.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 31415.058824                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31415.058824                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data  2550.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2550.200000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 68090.091429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68090.091429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.data 67757.193182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67757.193182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu18.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu18.icache.tags.tagsinuse          11.115413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu18.icache.tags.total_refs              3339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.avg_refs           65.470588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu18.inst    11.115413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu18.inst     0.021710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu18.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu18.icache.tags.data_accesses           6889                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu18.inst         3339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_hits::cpu18.inst         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_hits::total           3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_hits::cpu18.inst         3339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_hits::total          3339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu18.inst           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_misses::cpu18.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_misses::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_misses::cpu18.inst           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_misses::total           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu18.inst     11220250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11220250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu18.inst     11220250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11220250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu18.inst     11220250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11220250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu18.inst         3419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu18.icache.demand_accesses::cpu18.inst         3419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_accesses::total         3419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_accesses::cpu18.inst         3419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_accesses::total         3419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.023399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.023399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.023399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 140253.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140253.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 140253.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140253.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 140253.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140253.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          697                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          697                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu18.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu18.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu18.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu18.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      8552250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8552250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      8552250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8552250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst      8552250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8552250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.014917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.014917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu18.inst     0.014917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 167691.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167691.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 167691.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167691.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu18.inst 167691.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167691.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu18.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu19.branchPred.lookups                  8964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu19.branchPred.condPredicted            8460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu19.branchPred.condIncorrect             161                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBLookups               7053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBHits                  5089                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu19.branchPred.BTBHitPct           72.153693                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu19.branchPred.usedRAS                   212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu19.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu19.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu19.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu19.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu19.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu19.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu19.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu19.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu19.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu19.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu19.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu19.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu19.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu19.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu19.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu19.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu19.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu19.numCycles                          39697                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu19.fetch.icacheStallCycles             5273                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu19.fetch.Insts                        50705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu19.fetch.Branches                      8964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu19.fetch.predictedBranches             5301                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu19.fetch.Cycles                       25670                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu19.fetch.SquashCycles                   395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu19.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu19.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu19.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu19.fetch.CacheLines                    3355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu19.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  62                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::samples            31162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.692029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.075170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::0                  23055     73.98%     73.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::1                    503      1.61%     75.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::2                    251      0.81%     76.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::3                    498      1.60%     78.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::4                    441      1.42%     79.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::5                    363      1.16%     80.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::6                    448      1.44%     82.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::7                    863      2.77%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::8                   4740     15.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.rateDist::total              31162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu19.fetch.branchRate                0.225811                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu19.fetch.rate                      1.277301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu19.decode.IdleCycles                   3534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu19.decode.BlockedCycles               20989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu19.decode.RunCycles                    1551                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu19.decode.UnblockCycles                4918                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu19.decode.SquashCycles                  170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu19.decode.BranchResolved                241                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu19.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu19.decode.DecodedInsts                48939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu19.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu19.rename.SquashCycles                  170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu19.rename.IdleCycles                   5168                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu19.rename.BlockCycles                  3743                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu19.rename.serializeStallCycles         3860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu19.rename.RunCycles                    4705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu19.rename.UnblockCycles               13516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu19.rename.RenamedInsts                48230                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu19.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu19.rename.IQFullEvents                12931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu19.rename.LQFullEvents                  306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu19.rename.RenamedOperands             76366                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu19.rename.RenameLookups              235111                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu19.rename.int_rename_lookups          70127                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu19.rename.CommittedMaps               68322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu19.rename.UndoneMaps                   8036                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu19.rename.serializingInsts               65                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu19.rename.tempSerializingInsts           63                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu19.rename.skidInsts                   24513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu19.memDep0.insertedLoads               8964                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu19.memDep0.insertedStores              1069                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu19.memDep0.conflictingLoads             370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu19.memDep0.conflictingStores            165                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu19.iq.iqInstsAdded                    47654                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu19.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                96                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu19.iq.iqInstsIssued                   45191                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             589                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        22002                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu19.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        31162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.450196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.868069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7884     25.30%     25.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1365      4.38%     29.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             21913     70.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         31162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               31352     69.38%     69.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      6.81%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               9987     22.10%     98.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               776      1.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.FU_type_0::total                45191                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu19.iq.rate                         1.138398                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu19.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu19.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           122131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           53028                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu19.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        43167                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu19.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu19.iq.int_alu_accesses                45191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu19.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              7                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1034                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          359                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu19.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1759                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu19.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu19.iew.iewSquashCycles                  170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu19.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1898                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu19.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 192                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             47753                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8964                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               1069                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               50                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   17                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu19.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  93                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu19.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu19.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           72                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu19.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           72                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu19.iew.branchMispredicts                144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecutedInsts               45071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                9907                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu19.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu19.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_refs                      10674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_branches                   7496                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_stores                      767                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu19.iew.exec_rate                   1.135375                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu19.iew.wb_sent                        43212                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu19.iew.wb_count                       43167                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu19.iew.wb_producers                   33774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu19.iew.wb_consumers                   62750                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu19.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu19.iew.wb_rate                     1.087412                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu19.iew.wb_fanout                   0.538231                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu19.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu19.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5210                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu19.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            81                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu19.commit.branchMispredicts             134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        30409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.396922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.908913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12633     41.54%     41.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         8917     29.32%     70.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         3061     10.07%     80.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2356      7.75%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          244      0.80%     89.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1982      6.52%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           66      0.22%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          110      0.36%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1040      3.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        30409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu19.commit.committedInsts              41513                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu19.commit.committedOps                42479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu19.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu19.commit.refs                         8640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu19.commit.loads                        7930                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu19.commit.membars                        39                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu19.commit.branches                     7387                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu19.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu19.commit.int_insts                   35255                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu19.commit.function_calls                101                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          30764     72.42%     72.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      7.24%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7930     18.67%     98.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          710      1.67%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.op_class_0::total           42479                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu19.commit.bw_lim_events                1040                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu19.rob.rob_reads                      76681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu19.rob.rob_writes                     96196                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu19.timesIdled                            53                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu19.idleCycles                          8535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu19.quiesceCycles                     104625                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu19.committedInsts                     41513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu19.committedOps                       42479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu19.cpi                             0.956255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu19.cpi_total                       0.956255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu19.ipc                             1.045747                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu19.ipc_total                       1.045747                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu19.int_regfile_reads                  64963                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu19.int_regfile_writes                 26178                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu19.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu19.cc_regfile_reads                  159369                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu19.cc_regfile_writes                  43125                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu19.misc_regfile_reads                 10450                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu19.misc_regfile_writes                   55                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.816390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.total_refs              8430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.avg_refs           51.717791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu19.data    22.816390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu19.data     0.022282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.159180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           17853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.tags.data_accesses          17853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu19.data         7763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu19.data          665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu19.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu19.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_hits::cpu19.data         8428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_hits::total           8428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_hits::cpu19.data         8430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_hits::total          8430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu19.data          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu19.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu19.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu19.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu19.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_misses::cpu19.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_misses::total          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_misses::cpu19.data          378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_misses::total          378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data     27599875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27599875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data      3626498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3626498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data       378923                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       378923                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu19.data       573000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       573000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu19.data     31226373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     31226373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu19.data     31226373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     31226373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu19.data         8111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu19.data          694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu19.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu19.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu19.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu19.data         8805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu19.data         8808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.042905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.041787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.042817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.042916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 79309.985632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79309.985632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 125051.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125051.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 31576.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31576.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data  4166.555556                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4166.555556                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 82828.575597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82828.575597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.data 82609.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82609.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4577                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          238                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.211382                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          238                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu19.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu19.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu19.data          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu19.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu19.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data     13136536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13136536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data      1098501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1098501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       334577                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       334577                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data       555000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       555000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data     14235037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14235037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data     14244537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14244537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.019850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.017291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017291                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.019648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.data     0.019755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 81593.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81593.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 91541.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91541.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 27881.416667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27881.416667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data  3000.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3000.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 82283.450867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82283.450867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.data 81865.155172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81865.155172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu19.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu19.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.946724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu19.icache.tags.total_refs              3271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.sampled_refs              50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.avg_refs           65.420000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu19.inst    10.946724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu19.inst     0.021380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.097656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu19.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu19.icache.tags.data_accesses           6760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu19.inst         3271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_hits::cpu19.inst         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_hits::total           3271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_hits::cpu19.inst         3271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_hits::total          3271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu19.inst           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_misses::cpu19.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_misses::total           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_misses::cpu19.inst           84                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_misses::total           84                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu19.inst     12227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu19.inst     12227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu19.inst     12227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu19.inst         3355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu19.icache.demand_accesses::cpu19.inst         3355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_accesses::total         3355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_accesses::cpu19.inst         3355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_accesses::total         3355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.025037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.025037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.025037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 145559.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145559.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 145559.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145559.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu19.inst 145559.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145559.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu19.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu19.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu19.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu19.inst           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst      7263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.014903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.014903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu19.inst     0.014903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst       145260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst       145260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu19.inst       145260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu19.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu20.branchPred.lookups                  7587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu20.branchPred.condPredicted            7133                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu20.branchPred.condIncorrect             152                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBLookups               5964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBHits                  4365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu20.branchPred.BTBHitPct           73.189135                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu20.branchPred.usedRAS                   184                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu20.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu20.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu20.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu20.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu20.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu20.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu20.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu20.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu20.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu20.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu20.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu20.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu20.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu20.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu20.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu20.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu20.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu20.numCycles                          38795                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu20.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4958                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu20.fetch.Insts                        45229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu20.fetch.Branches                      7587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu20.fetch.predictedBranches             4549                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu20.fetch.Cycles                       24042                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu20.fetch.SquashCycles                   369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu20.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu20.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu20.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu20.fetch.CacheLines                    3271                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu20.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::samples            29206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.609087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.006789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::0                  21881     74.92%     74.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::1                    485      1.66%     76.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::2                    253      0.87%     77.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::3                    454      1.55%     79.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::4                    409      1.40%     80.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::5                    353      1.21%     81.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::6                    432      1.48%     83.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::7                    863      2.95%     86.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::8                   4076     13.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.rateDist::total              29206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu20.fetch.branchRate                0.195566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu20.fetch.rate                      1.165846                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu20.decode.IdleCycles                   3204                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu20.decode.BlockedCycles               20101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu20.decode.RunCycles                    1387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu20.decode.UnblockCycles                4357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu20.decode.SquashCycles                  157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu20.decode.BranchResolved                209                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu20.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu20.decode.DecodedInsts                43507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu20.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu20.rename.SquashCycles                  157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu20.rename.IdleCycles                   4664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu20.rename.BlockCycles                  3144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu20.rename.serializeStallCycles         3951                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu20.rename.RunCycles                    4181                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu20.rename.UnblockCycles               13109                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu20.rename.RenamedInsts                42817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu20.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu20.rename.IQFullEvents                11294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu20.rename.LQFullEvents                 1552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu20.rename.RenamedOperands             66591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu20.rename.RenameLookups              208869                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu20.rename.int_rename_lookups          62874                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu20.rename.CommittedMaps               59228                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu20.rename.UndoneMaps                   7362                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu20.rename.serializingInsts               59                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu20.rename.tempSerializingInsts           59                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu20.rename.skidInsts                   21736                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu20.memDep0.insertedLoads               8245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu20.memDep0.insertedStores               956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu20.memDep0.conflictingLoads             291                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu20.memDep0.conflictingStores            129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu20.iq.iqInstsAdded                    42251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu20.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                84                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu20.iq.iqInstsIssued                   40010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             555                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4913                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu20.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        29206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.369924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.909749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8682     29.73%     29.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1038      3.55%     33.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             19486     66.72%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         29206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               27028     67.55%     67.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      7.69%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               9222     23.05%     98.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               684      1.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.FU_type_0::total                40010                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu20.iq.rate                         1.031318                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu20.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu20.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           109779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           47256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu20.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        38072                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu20.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu20.iq.int_alu_accesses                40010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu20.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1009                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu20.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1683                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu20.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu20.iew.iewSquashCycles                  157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu20.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1144                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu20.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             42338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               49                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   26                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu20.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 591                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu20.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu20.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           64                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu20.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           71                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu20.iew.branchMispredicts                135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecutedInsts               39893                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                9144                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu20.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu20.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_refs                       9819                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_branches                   6266                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_stores                      675                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu20.iew.exec_rate                   1.028303                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu20.iew.wb_sent                        38115                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu20.iew.wb_count                       38072                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu20.iew.wb_producers                   30151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu20.iew.wb_consumers                   55370                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu20.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu20.iew.wb_rate                     0.981364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu20.iew.wb_fanout                   0.544537                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu20.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu20.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4853                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu20.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            76                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu20.commit.branchMispredicts             125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.312546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.914591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13044     45.75%     45.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7704     27.02%     72.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2766      9.70%     82.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1985      6.96%     89.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          208      0.73%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1599      5.61%     95.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           55      0.19%     95.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          126      0.44%     96.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1024      3.59%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu20.commit.committedInsts              36610                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu20.commit.committedOps                37422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu20.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu20.commit.refs                         7857                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu20.commit.loads                        7236                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu20.commit.membars                        33                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu20.commit.branches                     6176                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu20.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu20.commit.int_insts                   31383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu20.commit.function_calls                 85                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          26490     70.79%     70.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      8.22%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7236     19.34%     98.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          621      1.66%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.op_class_0::total           37422                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu20.commit.bw_lim_events                1024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu20.rob.rob_reads                      69450                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu20.rob.rob_writes                     85310                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu20.timesIdled                            46                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu20.idleCycles                          9589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu20.quiesceCycles                     105527                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu20.committedInsts                     36610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu20.committedOps                       37422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu20.cpi                             1.059683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu20.cpi_total                       1.059683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu20.ipc                             0.943678                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu20.ipc_total                       0.943678                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu20.int_regfile_reads                  58035                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu20.int_regfile_writes                 24107                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu20.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu20.cc_regfile_reads                  141801                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu20.cc_regfile_writes                  36028                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu20.misc_regfile_reads                  9649                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu20.misc_regfile_writes                   78                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          21.764718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.total_refs              7642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.avg_refs           46.597561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu20.data    21.764718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu20.data     0.021255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           16294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.tags.data_accesses          16294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu20.data         7071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu20.data          570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu20.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu20.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_hits::cpu20.data         7641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_hits::total           7641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_hits::cpu20.data         7643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_hits::total          7643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu20.data          349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu20.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu20.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu20.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu20.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_misses::cpu20.data          378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_misses::total          378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_misses::cpu20.data          379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_misses::total          379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data     29091118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29091118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data      6333746                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6333746                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data       943469                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       943469                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data        38499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        38499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu20.data       107000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       107000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu20.data     35424864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     35424864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu20.data     35424864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     35424864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu20.data         7420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu20.data          599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu20.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu20.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu20.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu20.data         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu20.data         8022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.047035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.048414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.047138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.047245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 83355.638968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83355.638968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 218405.034483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218405.034483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 52414.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52414.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data  5499.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5499.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 93716.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93716.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.data 93469.298153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93469.298153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2625                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.341463                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          171                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu20.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu20.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu20.data          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu20.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu20.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data     10391316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10391316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data      2041502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2041502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data       880031                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       880031                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data        28001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data        95000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data     12432818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12432818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data     12442318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12442318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.021833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.020033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.021698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.data     0.021815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 64143.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64143.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 170125.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170125.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 48890.611111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48890.611111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data  4000.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4000.142857                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 71452.977011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71452.977011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.data 71098.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71098.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu20.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu20.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.779857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu20.icache.tags.total_refs              3195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.avg_refs           62.647059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu20.inst    10.779857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu20.inst     0.021054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu20.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu20.icache.tags.data_accesses           6593                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu20.inst         3195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_hits::cpu20.inst         3195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_hits::total           3195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_hits::cpu20.inst         3195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_hits::total          3195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu20.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_misses::cpu20.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_misses::cpu20.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      9916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      9916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      9916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu20.inst         3271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu20.icache.demand_accesses::cpu20.inst         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_accesses::total         3271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_accesses::cpu20.inst         3271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_accesses::total         3271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.023234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.023234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.023234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 130480.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130480.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 130480.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130480.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 130480.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130480.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          207                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          207                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu20.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu20.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu20.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu20.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      7653250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7653250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      7653250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7653250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst      7653250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7653250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.015592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.015592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu20.inst     0.015592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 150063.725490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150063.725490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 150063.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150063.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu20.inst 150063.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150063.725490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu20.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu21.branchPred.lookups                  7511                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu21.branchPred.condPredicted            7041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu21.branchPred.condIncorrect             155                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBLookups               5789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBHits                  4327                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu21.branchPred.BTBHitPct           74.745206                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu21.branchPred.usedRAS                   183                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu21.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu21.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu21.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu21.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu21.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu21.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu21.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu21.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu21.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu21.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu21.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu21.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu21.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu21.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu21.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu21.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu21.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu21.numCycles                          37891                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu21.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4741                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu21.fetch.Insts                        44956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu21.fetch.Branches                      7511                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu21.fetch.predictedBranches             4510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu21.fetch.Cycles                       24243                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu21.fetch.SquashCycles                   375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu21.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu21.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu21.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu21.fetch.CacheLines                    3296                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu21.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::samples            29211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.600835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.995476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::0                  21882     74.91%     74.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::1                    495      1.69%     76.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::2                    255      0.87%     77.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::3                    481      1.65%     79.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::4                    402      1.38%     80.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::5                    374      1.28%     81.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::6                    411      1.41%     83.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::7                    918      3.14%     86.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::8                   3993     13.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.rateDist::total              29211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu21.fetch.branchRate                0.198226                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu21.fetch.rate                      1.186456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu21.decode.IdleCycles                   3209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu21.decode.BlockedCycles               20140                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu21.decode.RunCycles                    1422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu21.decode.UnblockCycles                4280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu21.decode.SquashCycles                  160                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu21.decode.BranchResolved                214                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu21.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu21.decode.DecodedInsts                43185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu21.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu21.rename.SquashCycles                  160                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu21.rename.IdleCycles                   4643                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu21.rename.BlockCycles                  3591                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu21.rename.serializeStallCycles         5035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu21.rename.RunCycles                    4171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu21.rename.UnblockCycles               11611                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu21.rename.RenamedInsts                42511                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu21.rename.ROBFullEvents                   3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu21.rename.IQFullEvents                11099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu21.rename.LQFullEvents                  293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu21.rename.RenamedOperands             65952                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu21.rename.RenameLookups              207409                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu21.rename.int_rename_lookups          62448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu21.rename.CommittedMaps               58446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu21.rename.UndoneMaps                   7503                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu21.rename.serializingInsts               45                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu21.rename.tempSerializingInsts           44                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu21.rename.skidInsts                   21337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu21.memDep0.insertedLoads               8214                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu21.memDep0.insertedStores               946                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu21.memDep0.conflictingLoads             311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu21.memDep0.conflictingStores            135                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu21.iq.iqInstsAdded                    41891                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu21.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                76                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu21.iq.iqInstsIssued                   39497                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             572                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5008                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu21.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        29211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.352128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.918895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9000     30.81%     30.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               925      3.17%     33.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             19286     66.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         29211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               26726     67.67%     67.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      7.79%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               9034     22.87%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               661      1.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.FU_type_0::total                39497                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu21.iq.rate                         1.042385                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu21.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu21.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           108775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           46985                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu21.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        37697                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu21.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu21.iq.int_alu_accesses                39497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu21.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          351                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu21.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1545                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu21.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu21.iew.iewSquashCycles                  160                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu21.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu21.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             41970                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                8214                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                946                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               36                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   23                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu21.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 122                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu21.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu21.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           66                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu21.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           73                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu21.iew.branchMispredicts                139                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecutedInsts               39383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8958                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu21.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu21.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_refs                       9609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_branches                   6181                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_stores                      651                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu21.iew.exec_rate                   1.039376                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu21.iew.wb_sent                        37739                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu21.iew.wb_count                       37697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu21.iew.wb_producers                   29955                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu21.iew.wb_consumers                   54976                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu21.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu21.iew.wb_rate                     0.994880                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu21.iew.wb_fanout                   0.544874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu21.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu21.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4945                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu21.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            62                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu21.commit.branchMispredicts             128                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        28495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.297035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.921294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13356     46.87%     46.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7479     26.25%     73.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2733      9.59%     82.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1941      6.81%     89.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          142      0.50%     90.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1629      5.72%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           56      0.20%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          130      0.46%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1029      3.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        28495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu21.commit.committedInsts              36167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu21.commit.committedOps                36959                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu21.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu21.commit.refs                         7766                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu21.commit.loads                        7171                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu21.commit.membars                        33                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu21.commit.branches                     6070                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu21.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu21.commit.int_insts                   31022                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu21.commit.function_calls                 83                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          26118     70.67%     70.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      8.32%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          7171     19.40%     98.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          595      1.61%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.op_class_0::total           36959                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu21.commit.bw_lim_events                1029                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu21.rob.rob_reads                      69071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu21.rob.rob_writes                     84593                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu21.timesIdled                            42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu21.idleCycles                          8680                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu21.quiesceCycles                     106431                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu21.committedInsts                     36167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu21.committedOps                       36959                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu21.cpi                             1.047668                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu21.cpi_total                       1.047668                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu21.ipc                             0.954501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu21.ipc_total                       0.954501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu21.int_regfile_reads                  57378                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu21.int_regfile_writes                 23955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu21.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu21.cc_regfile_reads                  140076                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu21.cc_regfile_writes                  35550                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu21.misc_regfile_reads                  9518                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu21.misc_regfile_writes                   26                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          20.431380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.total_refs              7582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.avg_refs           46.231707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu21.data    20.431380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu21.data     0.019953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           16145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.tags.data_accesses          16145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu21.data         7024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          7024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu21.data          557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu21.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_hits::cpu21.data         7581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_hits::total           7581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_hits::cpu21.data         7583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_hits::total          7583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu21.data          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu21.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu21.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu21.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu21.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_misses::cpu21.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_misses::total          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_misses::cpu21.data          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_misses::total          386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data     29531384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29531384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data      7391490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7391490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data       552478                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       552478                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data        39000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu21.data        48000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        48000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu21.data     36922874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     36922874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu21.data     36922874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     36922874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu21.data         7380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu21.data          586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu21.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu21.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu21.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu21.data         7966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu21.data         7969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.048238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.049488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.048330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.048438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 82953.325843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82953.325843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 254878.965517                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 254878.965517                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 78925.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78925.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data         7800                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7800                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 95903.568831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95903.568831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.data 95655.113990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95655.113990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2606                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          992                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.360656                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu21.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu21.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu21.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu21.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu21.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data     10345808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10345808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data      2155505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2155505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data       527522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       527522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data        30000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data        42000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        42000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data     12501313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12501313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data     12510313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12510313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.021951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.020478                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020478                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.021843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.data     0.021960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 63863.012346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63863.012346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 179625.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179625.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 75360.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75360.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 71846.626437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.626437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.data 71487.502857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71487.502857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu21.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu21.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.585431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu21.icache.tags.total_refs              3223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.avg_refs           63.196078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu21.inst    10.585431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu21.inst     0.020675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu21.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu21.icache.tags.data_accesses           6643                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu21.inst         3223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_hits::cpu21.inst         3223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_hits::total           3223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_hits::cpu21.inst         3223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_hits::total          3223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu21.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_misses::cpu21.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_misses::cpu21.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu21.inst     13744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu21.inst     13744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu21.inst     13744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu21.inst         3296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu21.icache.demand_accesses::cpu21.inst         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_accesses::total         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_accesses::cpu21.inst         3296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_accesses::total         3296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.022148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.022148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.022148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 188273.972603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188273.972603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 188273.972603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188273.972603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 188273.972603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188273.972603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           79                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu21.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu21.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu21.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu21.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7678250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7678250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7678250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7678250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst      7678250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7678250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.015473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.015473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu21.inst     0.015473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 150553.921569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150553.921569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 150553.921569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150553.921569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu21.inst 150553.921569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150553.921569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu21.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu22.branchPred.lookups                  6856                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu22.branchPred.condPredicted            6403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu22.branchPred.condIncorrect             153                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBLookups               5697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBHits                  3990                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu22.branchPred.BTBHitPct           70.036862                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu22.branchPred.usedRAS                   170                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu22.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu22.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu22.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu22.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu22.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu22.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu22.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu22.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu22.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu22.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu22.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu22.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu22.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu22.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu22.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu22.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu22.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu22.numCycles                          37225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu22.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4915                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu22.fetch.Insts                        42363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu22.fetch.Branches                      6856                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu22.fetch.predictedBranches             4160                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu22.fetch.Cycles                       22475                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu22.fetch.SquashCycles                   363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu22.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu22.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu22.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu22.fetch.CacheLines                    3258                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu22.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  63                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::samples            27593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.598340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.982647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::0                  20602     74.66%     74.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::1                    501      1.82%     76.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::2                    262      0.95%     77.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::3                    462      1.67%     79.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::4                    385      1.40%     80.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::5                    392      1.42%     81.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::6                    396      1.44%     83.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::7                    928      3.36%     86.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::8                   3665     13.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.rateDist::total              27593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu22.fetch.branchRate                0.184177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu22.fetch.rate                      1.138026                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu22.decode.IdleCycles                   3036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu22.decode.BlockedCycles               19030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu22.decode.RunCycles                    1346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu22.decode.UnblockCycles                4028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu22.decode.SquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu22.decode.BranchResolved                210                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu22.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu22.decode.DecodedInsts                40735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu22.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu22.rename.SquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu22.rename.IdleCycles                   4366                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu22.rename.BlockCycles                  3531                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu22.rename.serializeStallCycles         4593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu22.rename.RunCycles                    3948                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu22.rename.UnblockCycles               11002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu22.rename.RenamedInsts                40094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu22.rename.ROBFullEvents                   1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu22.rename.IQFullEvents                10517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu22.rename.LQFullEvents                  211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu22.rename.RenamedOperands             61413                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu22.rename.RenameLookups              195637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu22.rename.int_rename_lookups          59188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu22.rename.CommittedMaps               54213                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu22.rename.UndoneMaps                   7200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu22.rename.serializingInsts               73                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu22.rename.tempSerializingInsts           73                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu22.rename.skidInsts                   20189                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu22.memDep0.insertedLoads               7862                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu22.memDep0.insertedStores               979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu22.memDep0.conflictingLoads             239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu22.memDep0.conflictingStores            105                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu22.iq.iqInstsAdded                    39489                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu22.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                94                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu22.iq.iqInstsIssued                   37271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             553                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4949                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu22.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        27593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.350741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.912200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8338     30.22%     30.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1239      4.49%     34.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             18016     65.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         27593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               24743     66.39%     66.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      8.25%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               8811     23.64%     98.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               641      1.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.FU_type_0::total                37271                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu22.iq.rate                         1.001236                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu22.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu22.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           102688                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           44540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu22.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        35365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu22.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu22.iq.int_alu_accesses                37271                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu22.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              9                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu22.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1645                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu22.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu22.iew.iewSquashCycles                  153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu22.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1350                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu22.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 797                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             39586                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7862                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               59                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   21                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu22.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 711                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu22.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu22.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           61                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu22.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu22.iew.branchMispredicts                135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecutedInsts               37152                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8729                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu22.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu22.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_refs                       9359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_branches                   5621                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_stores                      630                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu22.iew.exec_rate                   0.998039                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu22.iew.wb_sent                        35403                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu22.iew.wb_count                       35365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu22.iew.wb_producers                   28173                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu22.iew.wb_consumers                   51390                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu22.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu22.iew.wb_rate                     0.950034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu22.iew.wb_fanout                   0.548219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu22.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu22.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu22.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            79                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu22.commit.branchMispredicts             125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        26887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.288132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.913463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12598     46.86%     46.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7096     26.39%     73.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2630      9.78%     83.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1788      6.65%     89.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          193      0.72%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1438      5.35%     95.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           45      0.17%     95.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          110      0.41%     96.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          989      3.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        26887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu22.commit.committedInsts              33921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu22.commit.committedOps                34634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu22.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu22.commit.refs                         7419                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu22.commit.loads                        6847                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu22.commit.membars                        29                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu22.commit.branches                     5511                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu22.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu22.commit.int_insts                   29243                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu22.commit.function_calls                 75                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          24140     69.70%     69.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      8.88%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6847     19.77%     98.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          572      1.65%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.op_class_0::total           34634                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu22.commit.bw_lim_events                 989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu22.rob.rob_reads                      65211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu22.rob.rob_writes                     79879                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu22.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu22.idleCycles                          9632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu22.quiesceCycles                     107097                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu22.committedInsts                     33921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu22.committedOps                       34634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu22.cpi                             1.097403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu22.cpi_total                       1.097403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu22.ipc                             0.911242                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu22.ipc_total                       0.911242                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu22.int_regfile_reads                  54366                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu22.int_regfile_writes                 22987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu22.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu22.cc_regfile_reads                  132450                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu22.cc_regfile_writes                  32282                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu22.misc_regfile_reads                  9205                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu22.misc_regfile_writes                  126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.208372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.total_refs              7191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.581818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu22.data    22.208372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu22.data     0.021688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.161133                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15433                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu22.data         6679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu22.data          511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu22.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu22.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_hits::cpu22.data         7190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_hits::total           7190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_hits::cpu22.data         7192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_hits::total          7192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu22.data          350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu22.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu22.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu22.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu22.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_misses::cpu22.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_misses::total          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_misses::cpu22.data          380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_misses::total          380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data     21887490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21887490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data      6104748                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6104748                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data       878425                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       878425                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu22.data       416500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       416500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu22.data     27992238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     27992238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu22.data     27992238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     27992238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu22.data         7029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu22.data          540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu22.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu22.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu22.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu22.data         7569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu22.data         7572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.049794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.053704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.903226                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.903226                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu22.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.050073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.050185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 62535.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62535.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 210508.551724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210508.551724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 31372.321429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31372.321429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data  4166.555556                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4166.555556                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 73858.147757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73858.147757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.data 73663.784211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73663.784211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2993                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.532787                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu22.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu22.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu22.data          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu22.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu22.data          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data     10552005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10552005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data      2025251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2025251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       774575                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       774575                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data       398500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data     12577256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12577256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data     12586256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12586256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.023190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.022222                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022222                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.903226                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.903226                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.023121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.data     0.023244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 64736.226994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64736.226994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 168770.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168770.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 27663.392857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27663.392857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data  3000.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3000.111111                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 71870.034286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71870.034286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.data 71512.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71512.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu22.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu22.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.448234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu22.icache.tags.total_refs              3182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.avg_refs           60.037736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu22.inst    10.448234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu22.inst     0.020407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu22.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6569                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu22.icache.tags.data_accesses           6569                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu22.inst         3182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_hits::cpu22.inst         3182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_hits::total           3182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_hits::cpu22.inst         3182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_hits::total          3182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu22.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_misses::cpu22.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_misses::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_misses::cpu22.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_misses::total           76                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu22.inst     10589750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10589750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu22.inst     10589750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10589750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu22.inst     10589750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10589750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu22.inst         3258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu22.icache.demand_accesses::cpu22.inst         3258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_accesses::total         3258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_accesses::cpu22.inst         3258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_accesses::total         3258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.023327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.023327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.023327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 139338.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139338.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 139338.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139338.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 139338.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139338.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          161                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu22.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu22.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu22.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu22.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      8545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      8545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst      8545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.016268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.016268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu22.inst     0.016268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 161226.415094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161226.415094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 161226.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161226.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu22.inst 161226.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161226.415094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu22.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu23.branchPred.lookups                  6765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu23.branchPred.condPredicted            6344                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu23.branchPred.condIncorrect             146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBLookups               5030                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBHits                  3934                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu23.branchPred.BTBHitPct           78.210736                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu23.branchPred.usedRAS                   151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu23.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu23.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu23.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu23.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu23.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu23.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu23.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu23.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu23.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu23.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu23.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu23.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu23.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu23.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu23.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu23.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu23.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu23.numCycles                          36327                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu23.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4766                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu23.fetch.Insts                        41717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu23.fetch.Branches                      6765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu23.fetch.predictedBranches             4085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu23.fetch.Cycles                       22071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu23.fetch.SquashCycles                   347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu23.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu23.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu23.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu23.fetch.CacheLines                    3159                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu23.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  60                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::samples            27050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.601553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.992761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::0                  20249     74.86%     74.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::1                    461      1.70%     76.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::2                    235      0.87%     77.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::3                    435      1.61%     79.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::4                    393      1.45%     80.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::5                    337      1.25%     81.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::6                    413      1.53%     83.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::7                    865      3.20%     86.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::8                   3662     13.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.rateDist::total              27050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu23.fetch.branchRate                0.186225                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu23.fetch.rate                      1.148374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu23.decode.IdleCycles                   3087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu23.decode.BlockedCycles               18521                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu23.decode.RunCycles                    1291                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu23.decode.UnblockCycles                4005                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu23.decode.SquashCycles                  146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu23.decode.BranchResolved                195                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu23.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu23.decode.DecodedInsts                40119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu23.decode.SquashedInsts                 109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu23.rename.SquashCycles                  146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu23.rename.IdleCycles                   4414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu23.rename.BlockCycles                  3640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu23.rename.serializeStallCycles         3934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu23.rename.RunCycles                    3857                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu23.rename.UnblockCycles               11059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu23.rename.RenamedInsts                39512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu23.rename.ROBFullEvents                   4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu23.rename.IQFullEvents                10483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu23.rename.LQFullEvents                  312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu23.rename.RenamedOperands             60828                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu23.rename.RenameLookups              192815                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu23.rename.int_rename_lookups          58404                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu23.rename.CommittedMaps               54065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu23.rename.UndoneMaps                   6763                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu23.rename.serializingInsts               66                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu23.rename.tempSerializingInsts           65                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu23.rename.skidInsts                   20010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu23.memDep0.insertedLoads               7759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu23.memDep0.insertedStores               872                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu23.memDep0.conflictingLoads             251                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu23.memDep0.conflictingStores            107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu23.iq.iqInstsAdded                    39000                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu23.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                86                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu23.iq.iqInstsIssued                   37146                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             498                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4553                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18802                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu23.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        27050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.373235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.901398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7825     28.93%     28.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1304      4.82%     33.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             17921     66.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         27050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               24624     66.29%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      8.28%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               8838     23.79%     98.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               608      1.64%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.FU_type_0::total                37146                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu23.iq.rate                         1.022545                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu23.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu23.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           101838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           43646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu23.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        35174                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu23.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu23.iq.int_alu_accesses                37146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu23.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              5                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu23.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1742                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu23.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu23.iew.iewSquashCycles                  146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu23.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu23.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 206                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             39089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               3                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                872                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               53                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   19                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu23.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 115                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu23.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu23.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           60                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu23.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           68                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu23.iew.branchMispredicts                128                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecutedInsts               37043                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8768                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu23.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu23.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_refs                       9368                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_branches                   5593                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_stores                      600                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu23.iew.exec_rate                   1.019710                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu23.iew.wb_sent                        35205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu23.iew.wb_count                       35174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu23.iew.wb_producers                   28004                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu23.iew.wb_consumers                   51081                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu23.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu23.iew.wb_rate                     0.968261                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu23.iew.wb_fanout                   0.548227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu23.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu23.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu23.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            75                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu23.commit.branchMispredicts             120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        26405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.307593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.921420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12149     46.01%     46.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7081     26.82%     72.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2612      9.89%     82.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1790      6.78%     89.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          275      1.04%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1350      5.11%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           48      0.18%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           86      0.33%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1014      3.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        26405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu23.commit.committedInsts              33831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu23.commit.committedOps                34527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu23.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu23.commit.refs                         7387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu23.commit.loads                        6831                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu23.commit.membars                        29                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu23.commit.branches                     5491                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu23.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu23.commit.int_insts                   29153                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu23.commit.function_calls                 73                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          24065     69.70%     69.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      8.91%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6831     19.78%     98.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          556      1.61%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.op_class_0::total           34527                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu23.commit.bw_lim_events                1014                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu23.rob.rob_reads                      64151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu23.rob.rob_writes                     78755                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu23.timesIdled                            47                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu23.idleCycles                          9277                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu23.quiesceCycles                     107995                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu23.committedInsts                     33831                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu23.committedOps                       34527                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu23.cpi                             1.073778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu23.cpi_total                       1.073778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu23.ipc                             0.931291                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu23.ipc_total                       0.931291                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu23.int_regfile_reads                  54224                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu23.int_regfile_writes                 22872                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu23.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu23.cc_regfile_reads                  131982                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu23.cc_regfile_writes                  32169                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu23.misc_regfile_reads                  9127                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu23.misc_regfile_writes                  107                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.650110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.total_refs              7134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu23.data    22.650110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu23.data     0.022119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           15295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.tags.data_accesses          15295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu23.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu23.data          498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu23.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_hits::cpu23.data         7133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_hits::total           7133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_hits::cpu23.data         7135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_hits::total          7135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu23.data          349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu23.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu23.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu23.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu23.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_misses::cpu23.data          378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_misses::total          378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_misses::cpu23.data          379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_misses::total          379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data     26835097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26835097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data      2795996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2795996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data      1166472                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1166472                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu23.data        65000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu23.data     29631093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29631093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu23.data     29631093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29631093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu23.data         6984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu23.data          527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu23.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu23.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu23.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu23.data         7511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu23.data         7514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.049971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.055028                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055028                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.050326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.050439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 76891.395415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76891.395415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 96413.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96413.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 43202.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43202.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data         7500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 78389.134921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78389.134921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.data 78182.303430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.303430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4747                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.593496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          129                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu23.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu23.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu23.data          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu23.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu23.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data     12539795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12539795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data       876252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       876252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data      1076028                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1076028                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        59000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        59000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data     13416047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13416047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data     13425547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13425547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.023196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.022770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.023166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.data     0.023290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 77406.141975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77406.141975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data        73021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 39852.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39852.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data         5700                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5700                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 77103.718391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77103.718391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.data 76717.411429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76717.411429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu23.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu23.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.224973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu23.icache.tags.total_refs              3079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.avg_refs           59.211538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu23.inst    10.224973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu23.inst     0.019971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu23.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6370                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu23.icache.tags.data_accesses           6370                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu23.inst         3079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_hits::cpu23.inst         3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_hits::total           3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_hits::cpu23.inst         3079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_hits::total          3079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu23.inst           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_misses::cpu23.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_misses::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_misses::cpu23.inst           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_misses::total           80                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu23.inst     11541750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11541750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu23.inst     11541750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11541750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu23.inst     11541750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11541750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu23.inst         3159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu23.icache.demand_accesses::cpu23.inst         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_accesses::total         3159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_accesses::cpu23.inst         3159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_accesses::total         3159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.025324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.025324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.025324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 144271.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144271.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 144271.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144271.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 144271.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144271.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           99                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu23.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu23.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu23.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu23.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7601250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7601250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7601250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7601250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst      7601250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7601250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu23.inst     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 146177.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146177.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 146177.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146177.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu23.inst 146177.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146177.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu23.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu24.branchPred.lookups                  6318                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu24.branchPred.condPredicted            5892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu24.branchPred.condIncorrect             149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBLookups               4637                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBHits                  3713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu24.branchPred.BTBHitPct           80.073323                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu24.branchPred.usedRAS                   153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu24.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu24.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu24.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu24.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu24.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu24.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu24.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu24.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu24.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu24.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu24.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu24.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu24.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu24.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu24.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu24.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu24.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu24.numCycles                          35716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu24.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4882                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu24.fetch.Insts                        39883                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu24.fetch.Branches                      6318                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu24.fetch.predictedBranches             3866                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu24.fetch.Cycles                       21678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu24.fetch.SquashCycles                   349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu24.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu24.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu24.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu24.fetch.CacheLines                    3172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu24.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  66                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::samples            26756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.551054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.952583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::0                  20229     75.61%     75.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::1                    404      1.51%     77.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::2                    243      0.91%     78.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::3                    439      1.64%     79.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::4                    393      1.47%     81.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::5                    337      1.26%     82.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::6                    424      1.58%     83.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::7                    804      3.00%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::8                   3483     13.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.rateDist::total              26756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu24.fetch.branchRate                0.176896                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu24.fetch.rate                      1.116670                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu24.decode.IdleCycles                   2975                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu24.decode.BlockedCycles               18549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu24.decode.RunCycles                    1302                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu24.decode.UnblockCycles                3783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu24.decode.SquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu24.decode.BranchResolved                200                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu24.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu24.decode.DecodedInsts                38402                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu24.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu24.rename.SquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu24.rename.IdleCycles                   4227                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu24.rename.BlockCycles                  3715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu24.rename.serializeStallCycles         4479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu24.rename.RunCycles                    3725                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu24.rename.UnblockCycles               10463                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu24.rename.RenamedInsts                37808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu24.rename.ROBFullEvents                   2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu24.rename.IQFullEvents                 9900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu24.rename.LQFullEvents                  300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu24.rename.RenamedOperands             57583                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu24.rename.RenameLookups              184479                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu24.rename.int_rename_lookups          56011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu24.rename.CommittedMaps               50861                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu24.rename.UndoneMaps                   6719                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu24.rename.serializingInsts               70                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu24.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu24.rename.skidInsts                   19028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu24.memDep0.insertedLoads               7545                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu24.memDep0.insertedStores               881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu24.memDep0.conflictingLoads             260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu24.memDep0.conflictingStores            104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu24.iq.iqInstsAdded                    37260                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu24.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                93                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu24.iq.iqInstsIssued                   35421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             509                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu24.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        26756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.323853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.920191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8398     31.39%     31.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1295      4.84%     36.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             17063     63.77%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         26756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               23104     65.23%     65.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      8.68%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               8648     24.41%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               593      1.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.FU_type_0::total                35421                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu24.iq.rate                         0.991740                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu24.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu24.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            98105                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           41909                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu24.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu24.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu24.iq.int_alu_accesses                35421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu24.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              6                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          933                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu24.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1770                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu24.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu24.iew.iewSquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu24.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1916                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu24.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 212                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             37356                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7545                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               58                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   17                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu24.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu24.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu24.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           60                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu24.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           72                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu24.iew.branchMispredicts                132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecutedInsts               35316                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu24.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu24.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_refs                       9165                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_branches                   5167                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_stores                      584                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu24.iew.exec_rate                   0.988801                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu24.iew.wb_sent                        33451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu24.iew.wb_count                       33422                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu24.iew.wb_producers                   26702                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu24.iew.wb_consumers                   48419                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu24.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu24.iew.wb_rate                     0.935771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu24.iew.wb_fanout                   0.551478                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu24.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu24.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4488                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu24.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            77                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu24.commit.branchMispredicts             122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        26110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.256339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.915557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12648     48.44%     48.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         6651     25.47%     73.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2532      9.70%     83.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1651      6.32%     89.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          250      0.96%     90.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1238      4.74%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           46      0.18%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           83      0.32%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1011      3.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        26110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu24.commit.committedInsts              32127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu24.commit.committedOps                32803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu24.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu24.commit.refs                         7158                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu24.commit.loads                        6612                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu24.commit.membars                        29                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu24.commit.branches                     5066                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu24.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu24.commit.int_insts                   27850                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu24.commit.function_calls                 71                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          22570     68.80%     68.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      9.37%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6612     20.16%     98.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          546      1.66%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.op_class_0::total           32803                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu24.commit.bw_lim_events                1011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu24.rob.rob_reads                      62143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu24.rob.rob_writes                     75293                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu24.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu24.idleCycles                          8960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu24.quiesceCycles                     108606                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu24.committedInsts                     32127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu24.committedOps                       32803                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu24.cpi                             1.111713                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu24.cpi_total                       1.111713                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu24.ipc                             0.899513                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu24.ipc_total                       0.899513                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu24.int_regfile_reads                  51829                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu24.int_regfile_writes                 22199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu24.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu24.cc_regfile_reads                  126174                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu24.cc_regfile_writes                  29596                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu24.misc_regfile_reads                  8907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu24.misc_regfile_writes                  121                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          22.322685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.total_refs              6901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.avg_refs           42.337423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu24.data    22.322685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu24.data     0.021799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.021799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.159180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           14848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.tags.data_accesses          14848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu24.data         6417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu24.data          482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu24.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu24.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_hits::cpu24.data         6899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_hits::total           6899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_hits::cpu24.data         6901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_hits::total          6901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu24.data          349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu24.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu24.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu24.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu24.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_misses::cpu24.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_misses::total          381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_misses::cpu24.data          382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_misses::total          382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data     27204660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27204660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data      2993996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2993996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data       790898                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       790898                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu24.data       532000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       532000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu24.data     30198656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     30198656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu24.data     30198656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     30198656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu24.data         6766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu24.data          514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu24.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu24.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu24.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu24.data         7280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu24.data         7283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.051581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.062257                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.062257                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.933333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.052335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.052451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 77950.315186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77950.315186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 93562.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93562.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 28246.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28246.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data  4687.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4687.375000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 79261.564304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79261.564304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.data 79054.073298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79054.073298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4720                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          262                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.064516                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          262                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu24.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.data          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu24.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu24.data          208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu24.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu24.data          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data     13301291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13301291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       861502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       861502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       690602                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       690602                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data       517000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       517000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data     14162793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14162793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data     14172293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14172293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.023795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.023346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023346                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.023764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.data     0.023891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 82616.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82616.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 71791.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71791.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 24664.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24664.357143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data  3375.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3375.125000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 81865.855491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81865.855491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.data 81449.959770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81449.959770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu24.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu24.icache.tags.tagsinuse          10.025936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu24.icache.tags.total_refs              3088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.sampled_refs              52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.avg_refs           59.384615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu24.inst    10.025936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu24.inst     0.019582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu24.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu24.icache.tags.data_accesses           6396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu24.inst         3088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_hits::cpu24.inst         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_hits::total           3088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_hits::cpu24.inst         3088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_hits::total          3088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu24.inst           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_misses::cpu24.inst           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_misses::total           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_misses::cpu24.inst           84                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_misses::total           84                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu24.inst     12025750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12025750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu24.inst     12025750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12025750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu24.inst     12025750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12025750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu24.inst         3172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu24.icache.demand_accesses::cpu24.inst         3172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_accesses::total         3172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_accesses::cpu24.inst         3172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_accesses::total         3172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.026482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.026482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.026482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 143163.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143163.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 143163.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143163.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 143163.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143163.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           99                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu24.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu24.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu24.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu24.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      8564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      8564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst      8564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu24.inst     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 164692.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164692.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 164692.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164692.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu24.inst 164692.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164692.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu24.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu25.branchPred.lookups                  5823                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu25.branchPred.condPredicted            5400                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu25.branchPred.condIncorrect             148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBLookups               4222                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBHits                  3440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu25.branchPred.BTBHitPct           81.477973                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu25.branchPred.usedRAS                   150                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu25.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu25.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu25.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu25.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu25.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu25.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu25.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu25.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu25.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu25.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu25.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu25.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu25.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu25.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu25.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu25.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu25.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu25.numCycles                          34351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu25.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4723                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu25.fetch.Insts                        38036                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu25.fetch.Branches                      5823                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu25.fetch.predictedBranches             3590                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu25.fetch.Cycles                       20211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu25.fetch.SquashCycles                   343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu25.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu25.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu25.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu25.fetch.CacheLines                    3196                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu25.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  61                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::samples            25127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.575954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.947056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::0                  18732     74.55%     74.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::1                    485      1.93%     76.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::2                    265      1.05%     77.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::3                    461      1.83%     79.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::4                    350      1.39%     80.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::5                    378      1.50%     82.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::6                    378      1.50%     83.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::7                    981      3.90%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::8                   3097     12.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.rateDist::total              25127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu25.fetch.branchRate                0.169515                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu25.fetch.rate                      1.107275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu25.decode.IdleCycles                   2898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu25.decode.BlockedCycles               17267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu25.decode.RunCycles                    1258                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu25.decode.UnblockCycles                3560                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu25.decode.SquashCycles                  144                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu25.decode.BranchResolved                196                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu25.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu25.decode.DecodedInsts                36561                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu25.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu25.rename.SquashCycles                  144                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu25.rename.IdleCycles                   4074                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu25.rename.BlockCycles                  4669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu25.rename.serializeStallCycles         3082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu25.rename.RunCycles                    3574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu25.rename.UnblockCycles                9584                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu25.rename.RenamedInsts                35989                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu25.rename.IQFullEvents                 9135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu25.rename.LQFullEvents                  233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu25.rename.RenamedOperands             54177                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu25.rename.RenameLookups              175703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu25.rename.int_rename_lookups          53620                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu25.rename.CommittedMaps               47435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu25.rename.UndoneMaps                   6740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu25.rename.serializingInsts               50                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu25.rename.tempSerializingInsts           49                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu25.rename.skidInsts                   17677                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu25.memDep0.insertedLoads               7320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu25.memDep0.insertedStores               847                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu25.memDep0.conflictingLoads             239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu25.memDep0.conflictingStores             72                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu25.iq.iqInstsAdded                    35413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu25.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                67                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu25.iq.iqInstsIssued                   33258                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             530                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4677                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu25.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        25127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.323596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.928166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8073     32.13%     32.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               850      3.38%     35.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             16204     64.49%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         25127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               21529     64.73%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      9.25%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               8137     24.47%     98.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               516      1.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.FU_type_0::total                33258                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu25.iq.rate                         0.968181                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu25.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu25.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            92171                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           40164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu25.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        31507                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu25.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu25.iq.int_alu_accesses                33258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu25.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu25.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1508                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu25.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu25.iew.iewSquashCycles                  144                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu25.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu25.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2107                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             35483                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                847                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               34                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   31                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu25.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                2033                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu25.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu25.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           58                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu25.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           74                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu25.iew.branchMispredicts                132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecutedInsts               33150                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                8062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu25.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu25.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_refs                       8569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_branches                   4706                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_stores                      507                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu25.iew.exec_rate                   0.965037                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu25.iew.wb_sent                        31544                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu25.iew.wb_count                       31507                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu25.iew.wb_producers                   25515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu25.iew.wb_consumers                   45954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu25.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu25.iew.wb_rate                     0.917208                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu25.iew.wb_fanout                   0.555229                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu25.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu25.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu25.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            51                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu25.commit.branchMispredicts             121                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        24460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.259321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.945537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12030     49.18%     49.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         6066     24.80%     73.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2386      9.75%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1508      6.17%     89.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          139      0.57%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1192      4.87%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           37      0.15%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          113      0.46%     95.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          989      4.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        24460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu25.commit.committedInsts              30226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu25.commit.committedOps                30803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu25.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu25.commit.refs                         6781                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu25.commit.loads                        6313                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu25.commit.membars                        25                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu25.commit.branches                     4606                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu25.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu25.commit.int_insts                   26293                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu25.commit.function_calls                 61                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          20947     68.00%     68.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075      9.98%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6313     20.49%     98.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          468      1.52%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.op_class_0::total           30803                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu25.commit.bw_lim_events                 989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu25.rob.rob_reads                      58741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu25.rob.rob_writes                     71629                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu25.timesIdled                            44                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu25.idleCycles                          9224                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu25.quiesceCycles                     109971                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu25.committedInsts                     30226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu25.committedOps                       30803                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu25.cpi                             1.136472                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu25.cpi_total                       1.136472                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu25.ipc                             0.879916                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu25.ipc_total                       0.879916                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu25.int_regfile_reads                  49051                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu25.int_regfile_writes                 21400                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu25.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu25.cc_regfile_reads                  118815                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu25.cc_regfile_writes                  27075                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu25.misc_regfile_reads                  8456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu25.misc_regfile_writes                   42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          19.898807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.total_refs              6591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.685185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu25.data    19.898807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu25.data     0.019432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.158203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           14177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.tags.data_accesses          14177                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu25.data         6167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu25.data          423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu25.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu25.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_hits::cpu25.data         6590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_hits::total           6590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_hits::cpu25.data         6592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_hits::total          6592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu25.data          352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu25.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu25.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu25.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu25.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_misses::cpu25.data          384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_misses::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_misses::cpu25.data          385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_misses::total          385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data     20967782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20967782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data      7935246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7935246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data       528972                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       528972                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data        37999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu25.data       243499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       243499                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu25.data     28903028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     28903028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu25.data     28903028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     28903028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu25.data         6519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu25.data          455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu25.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu25.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu25.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu25.data         6974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu25.data         6977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.053996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.070330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.727273                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.055062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.055181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 59567.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59567.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 247976.437500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 247976.437500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 66121.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66121.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data  4749.875000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4749.875000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 75268.302083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75268.302083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.data 75072.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75072.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.672131                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           16                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu25.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.data          192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu25.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu25.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu25.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu25.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      9196334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9196334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data      2613002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2613002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data       500528                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       500528                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data        27501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data       227001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       227001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data     11809336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11809336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data     11818836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11818836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.024544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.026374                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026374                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.024663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.data     0.024796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 57477.087500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57477.087500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 217750.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217750.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data        62566                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        62566                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data  3437.625000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3437.625000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 68658.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68658.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.data 68316.971098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68316.971098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu25.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu25.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.662540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu25.icache.tags.total_refs              3123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.avg_refs           58.924528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu25.inst     9.662540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu25.inst     0.018872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu25.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu25.icache.tags.data_accesses           6445                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu25.inst         3123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_hits::cpu25.inst         3123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_hits::total           3123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_hits::cpu25.inst         3123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_hits::total          3123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu25.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_misses::cpu25.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_misses::cpu25.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      8943750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8943750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      8943750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8943750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      8943750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8943750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu25.inst         3196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu25.icache.demand_accesses::cpu25.inst         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_accesses::total         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_accesses::cpu25.inst         3196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_accesses::total         3196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.022841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.022841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.022841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 122517.123288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122517.123288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 122517.123288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122517.123288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 122517.123288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122517.123288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          151                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu25.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu25.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu25.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu25.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7476500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7476500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7476500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7476500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst      7476500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7476500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.016583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.016583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu25.inst     0.016583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 141066.037736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141066.037736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 141066.037736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141066.037736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu25.inst 141066.037736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141066.037736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu25.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu26.branchPred.lookups                  4794                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu26.branchPred.condPredicted            4410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu26.branchPred.condIncorrect             148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBLookups               3562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBHits                  2922                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu26.branchPred.BTBHitPct           82.032566                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu26.branchPred.usedRAS                   124                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu26.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu26.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu26.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu26.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu26.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu26.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu26.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu26.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu26.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu26.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu26.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu26.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu26.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu26.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu26.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu26.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu26.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu26.numCycles                          33713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu26.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu26.fetch.Insts                        33927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu26.fetch.Branches                      4794                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu26.fetch.predictedBranches             3046                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu26.fetch.Cycles                       19506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu26.fetch.SquashCycles                   335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu26.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu26.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu26.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu26.fetch.CacheLines                    3125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu26.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  64                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::samples            24521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.438522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.832185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::0                  18732     76.39%     76.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::1                    459      1.87%     78.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::2                    254      1.04%     79.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::3                    431      1.76%     81.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::4                    335      1.37%     82.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::5                    369      1.50%     83.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::6                    373      1.52%     85.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::7                    953      3.89%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::8                   2615     10.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.rateDist::total              24521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu26.fetch.branchRate                0.142200                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu26.fetch.rate                      1.006348                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu26.decode.IdleCycles                   2816                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu26.decode.BlockedCycles               17269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu26.decode.RunCycles                    1164                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu26.decode.UnblockCycles                3133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu26.decode.SquashCycles                  139                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu26.decode.BranchResolved                178                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu26.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu26.decode.DecodedInsts                32559                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu26.decode.SquashedInsts                 101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu26.rename.SquashCycles                  139                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu26.rename.IdleCycles                   3841                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu26.rename.BlockCycles                  4544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu26.rename.serializeStallCycles         4360                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu26.rename.RunCycles                    3209                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu26.rename.UnblockCycles                8428                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu26.rename.RenamedInsts                32047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu26.rename.ROBFullEvents                   8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu26.rename.IQFullEvents                 7995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu26.rename.LQFullEvents                  216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu26.rename.RenamedOperands             47022                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu26.rename.RenameLookups              156536                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu26.rename.int_rename_lookups          48272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu26.rename.CommittedMaps               40730                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu26.rename.UndoneMaps                   6291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu26.rename.serializingInsts               68                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu26.rename.tempSerializingInsts           66                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu26.rename.skidInsts                   15652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu26.memDep0.insertedLoads               6803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu26.memDep0.insertedStores               785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu26.memDep0.conflictingLoads             197                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu26.memDep0.conflictingStores             61                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu26.iq.iqInstsAdded                    31461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu26.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                82                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu26.iq.iqInstsIssued                   29564                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4455                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        18067                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu26.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        24521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.205660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.959112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              9275     37.82%     37.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               928      3.78%     41.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             14318     58.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         24521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               18351     62.07%     62.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076     10.40%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7677     25.97%     98.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               460      1.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.FU_type_0::total                29564                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu26.iq.rate                         0.876932                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu26.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu26.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            84139                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           36009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu26.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        27766                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu26.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu26.iq.int_alu_accesses                29564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu26.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              8                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          993                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu26.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1559                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu26.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu26.iew.iewSquashCycles                  139                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu26.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu26.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2000                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             31546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               51                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   20                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu26.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1945                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu26.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu26.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           54                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu26.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           77                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu26.iew.branchMispredicts                131                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecutedInsts               29458                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7609                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu26.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu26.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_refs                       8061                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_branches                   3816                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_stores                      452                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu26.iew.exec_rate                   0.873788                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu26.iew.wb_sent                        27799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu26.iew.wb_count                       27766                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu26.iew.wb_producers                   22742                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu26.iew.wb_consumers                   40275                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu26.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu26.iew.wb_rate                     0.823599                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu26.iew.wb_fanout                   0.564668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu26.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu26.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu26.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            65                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu26.commit.branchMispredicts             120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        23892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.133769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.914550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        13068     54.70%     54.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5251     21.98%     76.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2186      9.15%     85.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1239      5.19%     91.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          143      0.60%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          905      3.79%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           30      0.13%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           89      0.37%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          981      4.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        23892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu26.commit.committedInsts              26644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu26.commit.committedOps                27088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu26.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu26.commit.refs                         6216                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu26.commit.loads                        5810                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu26.commit.membars                        21                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu26.commit.branches                     3719                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu26.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu26.commit.int_insts                   23442                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu26.commit.function_calls                 47                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          17797     65.70%     65.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075     11.35%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5810     21.45%     98.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          406      1.50%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.op_class_0::total           27088                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu26.commit.bw_lim_events                 981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu26.rob.rob_reads                      54250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu26.rob.rob_writes                     63658                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu26.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu26.idleCycles                          9192                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu26.quiesceCycles                     110609                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu26.committedInsts                     26644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu26.committedOps                       27088                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu26.cpi                             1.265313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu26.cpi_total                       1.265313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu26.ipc                             0.790318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu26.ipc_total                       0.790318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu26.int_regfile_reads                  44048                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu26.int_regfile_writes                 19874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu26.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu26.cc_regfile_reads                  106287                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu26.cc_regfile_writes                  21840                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu26.misc_regfile_reads                  7949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu26.misc_regfile_writes                  135                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          20.218263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.total_refs              5981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.030120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu26.data    20.218263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu26.data     0.019744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.162109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13032                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu26.data         5633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu26.data          338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu26.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu26.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_hits::cpu26.data         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_hits::total           5971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_hits::cpu26.data         5973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_hits::total          5973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu26.data          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu26.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu26.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu26.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu26.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_misses::cpu26.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_misses::cpu26.data          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_misses::total          393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data     21341835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21341835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      8280244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8280244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data      1204963                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1204963                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu26.data       187500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       187500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu26.data     29622079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     29622079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu26.data     29622079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     29622079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu26.data         5993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu26.data          370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu26.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu26.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu26.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu26.data         6363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu26.data         6366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.060070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.086486                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.086486                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.970588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.970588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.061606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.061734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 59282.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59282.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 258757.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 258757.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 36514.030303                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36514.030303                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data  4166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 75566.528061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75566.528061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.data 75374.246819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75374.246819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2703                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.338843                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           21                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu26.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.data          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu26.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu26.data          217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu26.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu26.data          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      9355065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9355065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      2711503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2711503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data      1088537                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1088537                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data       169500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       169500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data     12066568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12066568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data     12076068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12076068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.027198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.032432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.027503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.data     0.027647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 57393.036810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57393.036810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 225958.583333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225958.583333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 32985.969697                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32985.969697                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data  3166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 68951.817143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68951.817143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.data 68614.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68614.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu26.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu26.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.548140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu26.icache.tags.total_refs              3048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.avg_refs           55.418182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu26.inst     9.548140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu26.inst     0.018649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu26.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu26.icache.tags.data_accesses           6305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu26.inst         3048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_hits::cpu26.inst         3048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_hits::total           3048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_hits::cpu26.inst         3048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_hits::total          3048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu26.inst           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_misses::cpu26.inst           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_misses::total           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_misses::cpu26.inst           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_misses::total           77                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      9764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu26.inst         3125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu26.icache.demand_accesses::cpu26.inst         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_accesses::total         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_accesses::cpu26.inst         3125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_accesses::total         3125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.024640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.024640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.024640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 126805.194805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126805.194805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 126805.194805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126805.194805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 126805.194805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126805.194805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          171                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu26.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu26.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu26.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu26.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7513250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7513250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst      7513250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.017600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.017600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu26.inst     0.017600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 136604.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136604.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 136604.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136604.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu26.inst 136604.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136604.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu26.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu27.branchPred.lookups                  5543                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu27.branchPred.condPredicted            5136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu27.branchPred.condIncorrect             166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBLookups               3875                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBHits                  3269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu27.branchPred.BTBHitPct           84.361290                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu27.branchPred.usedRAS                   141                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu27.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu27.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu27.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu27.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu27.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu27.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu27.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu27.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu27.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu27.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu27.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu27.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu27.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu27.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu27.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu27.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu27.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu27.numCycles                          32011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu27.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4925                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu27.fetch.Insts                        37649                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu27.fetch.Branches                      5543                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu27.fetch.predictedBranches             3410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu27.fetch.Cycles                       18399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu27.fetch.SquashCycles                   379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu27.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu27.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu27.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu27.fetch.CacheLines                    3233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu27.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  60                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::samples            23535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.663692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.000773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::0                  17142     72.84%     72.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::1                    599      2.55%     75.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::2                    231      0.98%     76.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::3                    415      1.76%     78.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::4                    388      1.65%     79.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::5                    320      1.36%     81.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::6                    388      1.65%     82.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::7                   1047      4.45%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::8                   3005     12.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.rateDist::total              23535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu27.fetch.branchRate                0.173159                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu27.fetch.rate                      1.176127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu27.decode.IdleCycles                   2946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu27.decode.BlockedCycles               15680                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu27.decode.RunCycles                    1332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu27.decode.UnblockCycles                3417                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu27.decode.SquashCycles                  160                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu27.decode.BranchResolved                191                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu27.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu27.decode.DecodedInsts                35890                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu27.decode.SquashedInsts                 104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu27.rename.SquashCycles                  160                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu27.rename.IdleCycles                   4088                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu27.rename.BlockCycles                  4440                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu27.rename.serializeStallCycles         2162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu27.rename.RunCycles                    3530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu27.rename.UnblockCycles                9155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu27.rename.RenamedInsts                35270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu27.rename.ROBFullEvents                  36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu27.rename.IQFullEvents                 8713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu27.rename.LQFullEvents                  213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu27.rename.RenamedOperands             52472                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu27.rename.RenameLookups              172280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu27.rename.int_rename_lookups          52767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu27.rename.CommittedMaps               45304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu27.rename.UndoneMaps                   7168                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu27.rename.serializingInsts               42                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu27.rename.tempSerializingInsts           43                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu27.rename.skidInsts                   17158                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu27.memDep0.insertedLoads               7318                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu27.memDep0.insertedStores               885                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu27.memDep0.conflictingLoads             221                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu27.memDep0.conflictingStores             64                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu27.iq.iqInstsAdded                    34653                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu27.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                56                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu27.iq.iqInstsIssued                   31975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5092                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        21095                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu27.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        23535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.358615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.912583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              7093     30.14%     30.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               909      3.86%     34.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             15533     66.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         23535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               20511     64.15%     64.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076      9.62%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7892     24.68%     98.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               496      1.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.FU_type_0::total                31975                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu27.iq.rate                         0.998875                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu27.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu27.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            88029                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           39810                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu27.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        30329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu27.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu27.iq.int_alu_accesses                31975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu27.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             13                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1164                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu27.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1382                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu27.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu27.iew.iewSquashCycles                  160                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu27.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1443                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu27.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1958                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             34712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7318                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                885                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               27                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   15                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu27.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1902                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu27.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu27.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           56                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu27.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           90                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu27.iew.branchMispredicts                146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecutedInsts               31863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu27.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu27.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_refs                       8304                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_branches                   4417                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_stores                      488                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu27.iew.exec_rate                   0.995377                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu27.iew.wb_sent                        30365                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu27.iew.wb_count                       30329                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu27.iew.wb_producers                   24629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu27.iew.wb_consumers                   44107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu27.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu27.iew.wb_rate                     0.947456                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu27.iew.wb_fanout                   0.558392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu27.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu27.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu27.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            44                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu27.commit.branchMispredicts             137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        22804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.298763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.978833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10953     48.03%     48.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5724     25.10%     73.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2334     10.24%     83.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1424      6.24%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          136      0.60%     90.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1087      4.77%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           48      0.21%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           98      0.43%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1000      4.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        22804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu27.commit.committedInsts              29066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu27.commit.committedOps                29617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu27.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu27.commit.refs                         6599                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu27.commit.loads                        6154                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu27.commit.membars                        24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu27.commit.branches                     4320                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu27.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu27.commit.int_insts                   25389                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu27.commit.function_calls                 58                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          19943     67.34%     67.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075     10.38%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          6154     20.78%     98.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          445      1.50%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.op_class_0::total           29617                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu27.commit.bw_lim_events                1000                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu27.rob.rob_reads                      56251                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu27.rob.rob_writes                     70086                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu27.timesIdled                            43                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu27.idleCycles                          8476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu27.quiesceCycles                     112311                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu27.committedInsts                     29066                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu27.committedOps                       29617                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu27.cpi                             1.101321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu27.cpi_total                       1.101321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu27.ipc                             0.908000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu27.ipc_total                       0.908000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu27.int_regfile_reads                  47294                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu27.int_regfile_writes                 20945                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu27.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu27.cc_regfile_reads                  114525                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu27.cc_regfile_writes                  25362                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu27.misc_regfile_reads                  8317                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu27.misc_regfile_writes                   22                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          20.135164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.total_refs              6455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.885542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu27.data    20.135164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu27.data     0.019663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.162109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13875                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13875                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu27.data         6046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          6046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu27.data          408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu27.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_hits::cpu27.data         6454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_hits::total           6454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_hits::cpu27.data         6456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_hits::total          6456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu27.data          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu27.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu27.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu27.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu27.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_misses::cpu27.data          380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_misses::total          380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_misses::cpu27.data          381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_misses::total          381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data     21624144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21624144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data      8634994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8634994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data       408976                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       408976                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu27.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu27.data     30259138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     30259138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu27.data     30259138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     30259138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu27.data         6397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu27.data          437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu27.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu27.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu27.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu27.data         6834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu27.data         6837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.054869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.066362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.055604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.055726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 61607.247863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61607.247863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 297758.413793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 297758.413793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 68162.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68162.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9375                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         9375                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 79629.310526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79629.310526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.data 79420.309711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79420.309711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2443                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.619469                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           70                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu27.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu27.data          206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu27.data          206                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          206                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu27.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu27.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      8925053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8925053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data      2819003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2819003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data       388024                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       388024                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data        33000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data     11744056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11744056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data     11753556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11753556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.025324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.027460                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027460                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.025461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.data     0.025596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 55092.919753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55092.919753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 234916.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234916.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 64670.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64670.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data         7125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7125                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 67494.574713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67494.574713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.data 67163.177143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67163.177143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu27.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu27.icache.tags.tagsinuse           9.226110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu27.icache.tags.total_refs              3158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.sampled_refs              55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.avg_refs           57.418182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu27.inst     9.226110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu27.inst     0.018020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.107422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu27.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu27.icache.tags.data_accesses           6521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu27.inst         3158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_hits::cpu27.inst         3158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_hits::total           3158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_hits::cpu27.inst         3158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_hits::total          3158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu27.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_misses::cpu27.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_misses::cpu27.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      8908750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8908750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      8908750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8908750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      8908750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8908750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu27.inst         3233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu27.icache.demand_accesses::cpu27.inst         3233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_accesses::total         3233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_accesses::cpu27.inst         3233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_accesses::total         3233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.023198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.023198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.023198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 118783.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118783.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 118783.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118783.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 118783.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118783.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           77                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           77                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu27.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu27.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu27.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu27.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6893750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6893750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6893750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6893750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst      6893750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6893750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.017012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.017012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu27.inst     0.017012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 125340.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125340.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 125340.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125340.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu27.inst 125340.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125340.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu27.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu28.branchPred.lookups                  4055                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu28.branchPred.condPredicted            3728                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu28.branchPred.condIncorrect             159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBLookups               2823                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBHits                  2529                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu28.branchPred.BTBHitPct           89.585547                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu28.branchPred.usedRAS                   133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu28.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu28.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu28.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu28.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu28.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu28.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu28.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu28.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu28.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu28.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu28.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu28.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu28.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu28.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu28.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu28.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu28.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu28.numCycles                          31229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu28.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4562                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu28.fetch.Insts                        31788                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu28.fetch.Branches                      4055                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu28.fetch.predictedBranches             2662                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu28.fetch.Cycles                       17922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu28.fetch.SquashCycles                   353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu28.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu28.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu28.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu28.fetch.CacheLines                    3146                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu28.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  67                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::samples            22682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.457058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.821956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::0                  17066     75.24%     75.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::1                    602      2.65%     77.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::2                    240      1.06%     78.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::3                    397      1.75%     80.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::4                    368      1.62%     82.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::5                    327      1.44%     83.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::6                    366      1.61%     85.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::7                   1055      4.65%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::8                   2261      9.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.rateDist::total              22682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu28.fetch.branchRate                0.129847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu28.fetch.rate                      1.017900                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu28.decode.IdleCycles                   2630                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu28.decode.BlockedCycles               15912                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu28.decode.RunCycles                    1186                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu28.decode.UnblockCycles                2806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu28.decode.SquashCycles                  148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu28.decode.BranchResolved                153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu28.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu28.decode.DecodedInsts                30114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu28.decode.SquashedInsts                 104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu28.rename.SquashCycles                  148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu28.rename.IdleCycles                   3545                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu28.rename.BlockCycles                  4485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu28.rename.serializeStallCycles         4086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu28.rename.RunCycles                    2992                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu28.rename.UnblockCycles                7426                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu28.rename.RenamedInsts                29540                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu28.rename.ROBFullEvents                  40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu28.rename.IQFullEvents                 7040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu28.rename.LQFullEvents                  140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu28.rename.RenamedOperands             42012                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu28.rename.RenameLookups              144455                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu28.rename.int_rename_lookups          45016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu28.rename.CommittedMaps               35677                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu28.rename.UndoneMaps                   6331                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu28.rename.serializingInsts               55                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu28.rename.tempSerializingInsts           56                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu28.rename.skidInsts                   14041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu28.memDep0.insertedLoads               6573                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu28.memDep0.insertedStores               812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu28.memDep0.conflictingLoads             195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu28.memDep0.conflictingStores             45                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu28.iq.iqInstsAdded                    28903                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu28.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                71                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu28.iq.iqInstsIssued                   26559                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             493                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        19726                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu28.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.170928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.961549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8878     39.14%     39.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1049      4.62%     43.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12755     56.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               15867     59.74%     59.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076     11.58%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7189     27.07%     98.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               427      1.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.FU_type_0::total                26559                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu28.iq.rate                         0.850460                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu28.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu28.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            76291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           33629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu28.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        24898                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu28.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu28.iq.int_alu_accesses                26559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu28.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             14                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1133                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu28.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1427                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu28.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu28.iew.iewSquashCycles                  148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu28.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1257                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu28.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             28977                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6573                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               46                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   23                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu28.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1991                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu28.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu28.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           51                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu28.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           90                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu28.iew.branchMispredicts                141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecutedInsts               26468                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7126                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu28.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              89                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu28.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_refs                       7544                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_branches                   3115                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_stores                      418                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu28.iew.exec_rate                   0.847546                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu28.iew.wb_sent                        24936                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu28.iew.wb_count                       24898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu28.iew.wb_producers                   20602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu28.iew.wb_consumers                   35982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu28.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu28.iew.wb_rate                     0.797272                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu28.iew.wb_fanout                   0.572564                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu28.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu28.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu28.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            59                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu28.commit.branchMispredicts             131                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        22011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.105266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.921082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12388     56.28%     56.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         4583     20.82%     77.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2086      9.48%     86.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1052      4.78%     91.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          142      0.65%     92.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          704      3.20%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           26      0.12%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           67      0.30%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          963      4.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        22011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu28.commit.committedInsts              23922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu28.commit.committedOps                24328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu28.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu28.commit.refs                         5820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu28.commit.loads                        5440                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu28.commit.membars                        19                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu28.commit.branches                     3045                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu28.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu28.commit.int_insts                   21350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu28.commit.function_calls                 43                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          15433     63.44%     63.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075     12.64%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5440     22.36%     98.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          380      1.56%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.op_class_0::total           24328                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu28.commit.bw_lim_events                 963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu28.rob.rob_reads                      49826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu28.rob.rob_writes                     58559                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu28.timesIdled                            45                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu28.idleCycles                          8547                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu28.quiesceCycles                     113093                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu28.committedInsts                     23922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu28.committedOps                       24328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu28.cpi                             1.305451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu28.cpi_total                       1.305451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu28.ipc                             0.766019                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu28.ipc_total                       0.766019                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu28.int_regfile_reads                  39997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu28.int_regfile_writes                 18773                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu28.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu28.cc_regfile_reads                   96243                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu28.cc_regfile_writes                  17671                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu28.misc_regfile_reads                  7563                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu28.misc_regfile_writes                  124                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          19.472138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.total_refs              5621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.274390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu28.data    19.472138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu28.data     0.019016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.019016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           12254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.tags.data_accesses          12254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu28.data         5307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu28.data          313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu28.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu28.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_hits::cpu28.data         5620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_hits::total           5620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_hits::cpu28.data         5622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_hits::total          5622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu28.data          333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu28.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu28.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu28.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu28.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_misses::cpu28.data          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_misses::total          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_misses::cpu28.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_misses::total          363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data     19832130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19832130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data      7393490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7393490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data       773883                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       773883                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu28.data       568000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       568000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu28.data     27225620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     27225620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu28.data     27225620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     27225620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu28.data         5640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu28.data          342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu28.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu28.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu28.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu28.data         5982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu28.data         5985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.059043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.084795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.967742                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.967742                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.060515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.060652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 59555.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59555.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 254947.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 254947.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 25796.100000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25796.100000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data  5357.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5357.142857                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 75208.895028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75208.895028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.data 75001.707989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75001.707989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2517                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.881818                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu28.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu28.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu28.data          188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu28.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu28.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      8670310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8670310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data      2575755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2575755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data       668117                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668117                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data       556000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       556000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data     11246065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11246065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data     11255565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11255565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.028723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.035088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.029087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.data     0.029240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 53520.432099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53520.432099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 214646.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214646.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 22270.566667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22270.566667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data  4071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4071.428571                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 64632.557471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64632.557471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.data 64317.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64317.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu28.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu28.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.711240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu28.icache.tags.total_refs              3073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.avg_refs           56.907407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu28.inst     8.711240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu28.inst     0.017014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.017014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu28.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu28.icache.tags.data_accesses           6346                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu28.inst         3073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_hits::cpu28.inst         3073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_hits::total           3073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_hits::cpu28.inst         3073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_hits::total          3073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu28.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_misses::cpu28.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_misses::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_misses::cpu28.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      8827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      8827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      8827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu28.inst         3146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu28.icache.demand_accesses::cpu28.inst         3146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_accesses::total         3146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_accesses::cpu28.inst         3146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_accesses::total         3146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.023204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.023204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.023204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 120917.808219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120917.808219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 120917.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120917.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 120917.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120917.808219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           67                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           67                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu28.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu28.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu28.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu28.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7197250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7197250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7197250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7197250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst      7197250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7197250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.017165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.017165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu28.inst     0.017165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 133282.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133282.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 133282.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133282.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu28.inst 133282.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133282.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu28.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu29.branchPred.lookups                  3781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu29.branchPred.condPredicted            3515                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu29.branchPred.condIncorrect             160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBLookups               2681                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBHits                  2391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu29.branchPred.BTBHitPct           89.183141                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu29.branchPred.usedRAS                    93                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu29.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu29.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu29.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu29.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu29.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu29.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu29.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu29.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu29.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu29.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu29.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu29.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu29.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu29.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu29.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu29.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu29.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu29.numCycles                          30525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu29.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu29.fetch.Insts                        31205                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu29.fetch.Branches                      3781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu29.fetch.predictedBranches             2484                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu29.fetch.Cycles                       17187                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu29.fetch.SquashCycles                   349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu29.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu29.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu29.fetch.CacheLines                    3074                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu29.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  69                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::samples            22216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.450216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.848433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::0                  17000     76.52%     76.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::1                    359      1.62%     78.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::2                    221      0.99%     79.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::3                    347      1.56%     80.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::4                    395      1.78%     82.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::5                    280      1.26%     83.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::6                    362      1.63%     85.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::7                    792      3.56%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::8                   2460     11.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.rateDist::total              22216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu29.fetch.branchRate                0.123866                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu29.fetch.rate                      1.022277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu29.decode.IdleCycles                   2525                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu29.decode.BlockedCycles               15642                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu29.decode.RunCycles                    1205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu29.decode.UnblockCycles                2697                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu29.decode.SquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu29.decode.BranchResolved                123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu29.decode.BranchMispred                  28                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu29.decode.DecodedInsts                29471                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu29.decode.SquashedInsts                  94                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu29.rename.SquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu29.rename.IdleCycles                   3401                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu29.rename.BlockCycles                  4441                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu29.rename.serializeStallCycles         4121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu29.rename.RunCycles                    2942                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu29.rename.UnblockCycles                7164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu29.rename.RenamedInsts                28945                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu29.rename.ROBFullEvents                  29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu29.rename.IQFullEvents                 6711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu29.rename.LQFullEvents                  179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu29.rename.RenamedOperands             40792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu29.rename.RenameLookups              141745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu29.rename.int_rename_lookups          44424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu29.rename.CommittedMaps               33859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu29.rename.UndoneMaps                   6929                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu29.rename.serializingInsts               48                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu29.rename.tempSerializingInsts           49                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu29.rename.skidInsts                   13420                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu29.memDep0.insertedLoads               6518                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu29.memDep0.insertedStores               768                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu29.memDep0.conflictingLoads             230                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu29.memDep0.conflictingStores             57                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu29.iq.iqInstsAdded                    28193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu29.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                68                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu29.iq.iqInstsIssued                   25569                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             538                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          4998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        20752                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu29.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        22216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.150927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.963781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8894     40.03%     40.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1075      4.84%     44.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12247     55.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         22216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               15145     59.23%     59.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076     12.03%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6985     27.32%     98.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               363      1.42%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.FU_type_0::total                25569                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu29.iq.rate                         0.837641                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu29.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu29.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            73890                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           33268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu29.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        23988                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu29.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu29.iq.int_alu_accesses                25569                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu29.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             17                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1231                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu29.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1359                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu29.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu29.iew.iewSquashCycles                  147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu29.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu29.iew.iewUnblockCycles                1933                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             28264                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6518                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                768                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               44                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   17                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu29.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1872                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu29.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu29.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           49                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu29.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           97                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu29.iew.branchMispredicts                146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecutedInsts               25481                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu29.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              86                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu29.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_refs                       7282                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_branches                   2895                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_stores                      355                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu29.iew.exec_rate                   0.834758                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu29.iew.wb_sent                        24026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu29.iew.wb_count                       23988                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu29.iew.wb_producers                   19999                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu29.iew.wb_consumers                   34768                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu29.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu29.iew.wb_rate                     0.785848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu29.iew.wb_fanout                   0.575213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu29.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu29.commit.commitSquashedInsts          4935                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu29.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            55                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu29.commit.branchMispredicts             133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.081195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.919519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12364     57.46%     57.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         4356     20.25%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1990      9.25%     86.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          994      4.62%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          135      0.63%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          629      2.92%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           33      0.15%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           58      0.27%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          957      4.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu29.commit.committedInsts              22935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu29.commit.committedOps                23263                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu29.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu29.commit.refs                         5619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu29.commit.loads                        5287                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu29.commit.membars                        17                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu29.commit.branches                     2804                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu29.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu29.commit.int_insts                   20512                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu29.commit.function_calls                 35                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          14569     62.63%     62.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075     13.22%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5287     22.73%     98.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          332      1.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.op_class_0::total           23263                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu29.commit.bw_lim_events                 957                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu29.rob.rob_reads                      48666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu29.rob.rob_writes                     57166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu29.timesIdled                            41                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu29.idleCycles                          8309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu29.quiesceCycles                     113797                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu29.committedInsts                     22935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu29.committedOps                       23263                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu29.cpi                             1.330935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu29.cpi_total                       1.330935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu29.ipc                             0.751351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu29.ipc_total                       0.751351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu29.int_regfile_reads                  38759                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu29.int_regfile_writes                 18344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu29.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu29.cc_regfile_reads                   92919                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu29.cc_regfile_writes                  16636                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu29.misc_regfile_reads                  7306                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu29.misc_regfile_writes                  131                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          18.850079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.total_refs              5411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.993902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu29.data    18.850079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu29.data     0.018408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.160156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           11909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.tags.data_accesses          11909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu29.data         5141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu29.data          269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu29.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_hits::cpu29.data         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_hits::total           5410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_hits::cpu29.data         5412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_hits::total          5412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu29.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu29.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu29.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu29.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu29.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_misses::cpu29.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_misses::cpu29.data          394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_misses::total          394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data     19568911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19568911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      6594738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6594738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data      1195947                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1195947                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu29.data       164000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       164000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu29.data     26163649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     26163649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu29.data     26163649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     26163649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu29.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu29.data          298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu29.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu29.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu29.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu29.data         5803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu29.data         5806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.066122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.097315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.097315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.067724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.067861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 53760.744505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53760.744505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 227404.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227404.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 37373.343750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37373.343750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data         3750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         3750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 66574.170483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66574.170483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.data 66405.200508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66405.200508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2505                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.411215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            1                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu29.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu29.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu29.data          219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu29.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu29.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      8321546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8321546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      2189506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2189506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data      1085053                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1085053                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data       143000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       143000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data     10511052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10511052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data     10520552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10520552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.029428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.040268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.029984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.data     0.030141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 51367.567901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51367.567901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 182458.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182458.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 33907.906250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33907.906250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data         2850                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2850                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 60408.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60408.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.data 60117.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60117.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu29.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu29.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.215252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu29.icache.tags.total_refs              2999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.sampled_refs              54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.avg_refs           55.537037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu29.inst     8.215252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu29.inst     0.016045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu29.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu29.icache.tags.data_accesses           6202                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu29.inst         2999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          2999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_hits::cpu29.inst         2999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_hits::total           2999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_hits::cpu29.inst         2999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_hits::total          2999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu29.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_misses::cpu29.inst           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_misses::total           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_misses::cpu29.inst           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_misses::total           75                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      8445250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8445250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      8445250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8445250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      8445250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8445250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu29.inst         3074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu29.icache.demand_accesses::cpu29.inst         3074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_accesses::total         3074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_accesses::cpu29.inst         3074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_accesses::total         3074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.024398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.024398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.024398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 112603.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112603.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 112603.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112603.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 112603.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112603.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           61                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           61                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu29.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu29.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu29.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu29.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      6737250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      6737250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst      6737250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.017567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.017567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu29.inst     0.017567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 124763.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124763.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 124763.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124763.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu29.inst 124763.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124763.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu29.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu30.branchPred.lookups                  4934                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu30.branchPred.condPredicted            4609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu30.branchPred.condIncorrect             166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBLookups               3173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBHits                  2956                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu30.branchPred.BTBHitPct           93.161046                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu30.branchPred.usedRAS                   152                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu30.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu30.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu30.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu30.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu30.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu30.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu30.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu30.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu30.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu30.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu30.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu30.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu30.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu30.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu30.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu30.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu30.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu30.numCycles                          29777                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu30.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu30.fetch.Insts                        35958                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu30.fetch.Branches                      4934                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu30.fetch.predictedBranches             3108                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu30.fetch.Cycles                       17024                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu30.fetch.SquashCycles                   373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu30.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu30.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu30.fetch.CacheLines                    3227                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu30.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  68                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::samples            21864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.704766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.021468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::0                  15772     72.14%     72.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::1                    537      2.46%     74.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::2                    248      1.13%     75.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::3                    383      1.75%     77.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::4                    404      1.85%     79.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::5                    329      1.50%     80.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::6                    358      1.64%     82.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::7                    982      4.49%     86.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::8                   2851     13.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.rateDist::total              21864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu30.fetch.branchRate                0.165698                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu30.fetch.rate                      1.207576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu30.decode.IdleCycles                   2708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu30.decode.BlockedCycles               14534                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu30.decode.RunCycles                    1325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu30.decode.UnblockCycles                3138                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu30.decode.SquashCycles                  159                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu30.decode.BranchResolved                141                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu30.decode.BranchMispred                  27                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu30.decode.DecodedInsts                33806                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu30.decode.SquashedInsts                 102                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu30.rename.SquashCycles                  159                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu30.rename.IdleCycles                   3742                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu30.rename.BlockCycles                  4590                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu30.rename.serializeStallCycles         1591                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu30.rename.RunCycles                    3337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu30.rename.UnblockCycles                8445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu30.rename.RenamedInsts                33147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu30.rename.ROBFullEvents                  53                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu30.rename.IQFullEvents                 7987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu30.rename.LQFullEvents                  174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu30.rename.RenamedOperands             48455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu30.rename.RenameLookups              162173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu30.rename.int_rename_lookups          50108                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu30.rename.CommittedMaps               41179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu30.rename.UndoneMaps                   7275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu30.rename.serializingInsts               27                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu30.rename.tempSerializingInsts           30                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu30.rename.skidInsts                   15681                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu30.memDep0.insertedLoads               7110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu30.memDep0.insertedStores               833                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu30.memDep0.conflictingLoads             273                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu30.memDep0.conflictingStores             74                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu30.iq.iqInstsAdded                    32455                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu30.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                52                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu30.iq.iqInstsIssued                   29674                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             536                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          5153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        21834                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu30.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        21864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.357208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.907570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              6494     29.70%     29.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1066      4.88%     34.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             14304     65.42%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         21864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               18521     62.41%     62.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076     10.37%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               7625     25.70%     98.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               452      1.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.FU_type_0::total                29674                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu30.iq.rate                         0.996541                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu30.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu30.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            81746                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           37669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu30.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        28009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu30.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu30.iq.int_alu_accesses                29674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu30.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             16                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          419                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu30.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1425                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu30.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu30.iew.iewSquashCycles                  159                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu30.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1333                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu30.iew.iewUnblockCycles                2006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             32510                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                7110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                833                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               24                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   15                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu30.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                1937                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu30.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu30.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           52                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu30.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           97                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu30.iew.branchMispredicts                149                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecutedInsts               29577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                7564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu30.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              95                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu30.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_refs                       8003                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_branches                   3851                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_stores                      439                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu30.iew.exec_rate                   0.993283                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu30.iew.wb_sent                        28050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu30.iew.wb_count                       28009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu30.iew.wb_producers                   22880                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu30.iew.wb_consumers                   40633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu30.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu30.iew.wb_rate                     0.940625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu30.iew.wb_fanout                   0.563089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu30.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu30.commit.commitSquashedInsts          5092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu30.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            41                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu30.commit.branchMispredicts             139                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.294741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.984982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        10208     48.32%     48.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         5227     24.74%     73.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2246     10.63%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1274      6.03%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          134      0.63%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          950      4.50%     94.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           54      0.26%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           69      0.33%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          965      4.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu30.commit.committedInsts              26852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu30.commit.committedOps                27354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu30.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu30.commit.refs                         6270                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu30.commit.loads                        5856                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu30.commit.membars                        23                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu30.commit.branches                     3772                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu30.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu30.commit.int_insts                   23665                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu30.commit.function_calls                 53                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          18009     65.84%     65.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075     11.24%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5856     21.41%     98.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          414      1.51%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.op_class_0::total           27354                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu30.commit.bw_lim_events                 965                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu30.rob.rob_reads                      52439                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu30.rob.rob_writes                     65695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu30.timesIdled                            40                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu30.idleCycles                          7913                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu30.quiesceCycles                     114545                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu30.committedInsts                     26852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu30.committedOps                       27354                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu30.cpi                             1.108930                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu30.cpi_total                       1.108930                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu30.ipc                             0.901770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu30.ipc_total                       0.901770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu30.int_regfile_reads                  44233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu30.int_regfile_writes                 20023                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu30.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu30.cc_regfile_reads                  106824                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu30.cc_regfile_writes                  22132                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu30.misc_regfile_reads                  7983                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu30.misc_regfile_writes                   22                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          18.402698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.total_refs              6137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.882716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu30.data    18.402698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu30.data     0.017971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.017971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.158203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           13220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.tags.data_accesses          13220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu30.data         5759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu30.data          377                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          377                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu30.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_hits::cpu30.data         6136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_hits::total           6136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_hits::cpu30.data         6138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_hits::total          6138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu30.data          344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu30.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu30.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu30.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu30.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_misses::cpu30.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_misses::total          373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_misses::cpu30.data          374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_misses::total          374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data     18765166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18765166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data      6122494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6122494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data       298988                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       298988                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu30.data        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        37000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu30.data     24887660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     24887660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu30.data     24887660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     24887660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu30.data         6103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu30.data          406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu30.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu30.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu30.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu30.data         6509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu30.data         6512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.056366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.071429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.057305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.057432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 54549.901163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54549.901163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 211120.482759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211120.482759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 49831.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49831.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 12333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 66722.949062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66722.949062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.data 66544.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66544.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu30.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.data          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu30.data          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu30.data          201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu30.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu30.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      8067043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8067043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data      2019503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2019503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data       278512                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       278512                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data     10086546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10086546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data     10096046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10096046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.026217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.029557                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029557                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.026425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.data     0.026566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 50419.018750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50419.018750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 168291.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168291.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 46418.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46418.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data  9333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 58642.709302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58642.709302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.data 58358.647399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58358.647399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu30.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu30.icache.tags.tagsinuse           8.063768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu30.icache.tags.total_refs              3158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.sampled_refs              51                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.avg_refs           61.921569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu30.inst     8.063768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu30.inst     0.015750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.015750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu30.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu30.icache.tags.data_accesses           6505                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu30.inst         3158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          3158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_hits::cpu30.inst         3158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_hits::total           3158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_hits::cpu30.inst         3158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_hits::total          3158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu30.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_misses::cpu30.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_misses::cpu30.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8557500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8557500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8557500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8557500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      8557500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8557500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu30.inst         3227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu30.icache.demand_accesses::cpu30.inst         3227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_accesses::total         3227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_accesses::cpu30.inst         3227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_accesses::total         3227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.021382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.021382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.021382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 124021.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124021.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 124021.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124021.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 124021.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124021.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu30.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu30.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu30.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu30.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst      7288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.015804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.015804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu30.inst     0.015804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 142901.960784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142901.960784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 142901.960784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142901.960784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu30.inst 142901.960784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142901.960784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu30.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu31.branchPred.lookups                  3568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu31.branchPred.condPredicted            3256                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu31.branchPred.condIncorrect             136                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBLookups               3354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBHits                  2253                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu31.branchPred.BTBHitPct           67.173524                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu31.branchPred.usedRAS                    96                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu31.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu31.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu31.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu31.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu31.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu31.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu31.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu31.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu31.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu31.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu31.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu31.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu31.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu31.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu31.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu31.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu31.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu31.numCycles                          29371                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu31.fetch.icacheStallCycles             4964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu31.fetch.Insts                        29246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu31.fetch.Branches                      3568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu31.fetch.predictedBranches             2349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu31.fetch.Cycles                       16628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu31.fetch.SquashCycles                   307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu31.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu31.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu31.fetch.CacheLines                    3013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu31.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  55                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::samples            21753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::mean            1.391762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::stdev           2.786452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::0                  16715     76.84%     76.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::1                    434      2.00%     78.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::2                    255      1.17%     80.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::3                    333      1.53%     81.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::4                    341      1.57%     83.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::5                    274      1.26%     84.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::6                    377      1.73%     86.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::7                    856      3.94%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::8                   2168      9.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.rateDist::total              21753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu31.fetch.branchRate                0.121480                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu31.fetch.rate                      0.995744                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu31.decode.IdleCycles                   2609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu31.decode.BlockedCycles               15352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu31.decode.RunCycles                    1002                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu31.decode.UnblockCycles                2666                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu31.decode.SquashCycles                  124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu31.decode.BranchResolved                132                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu31.decode.BranchMispred                  29                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu31.decode.DecodedInsts                27687                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu31.decode.SquashedInsts                 103                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu31.rename.SquashCycles                  124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu31.rename.IdleCycles                   3484                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu31.rename.BlockCycles                  2932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu31.rename.serializeStallCycles         5347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu31.rename.RunCycles                    2709                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu31.rename.UnblockCycles                7157                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu31.rename.RenamedInsts                27211                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu31.rename.ROBFullEvents                  27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu31.rename.IQFullEvents                 6749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu31.rename.LQFullEvents                  148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu31.rename.RenamedOperands             38548                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu31.rename.RenameLookups              133334                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu31.rename.int_rename_lookups          41945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu31.rename.CommittedMaps               33340                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu31.rename.UndoneMaps                   5200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu31.rename.serializingInsts               34                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu31.rename.tempSerializingInsts           37                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu31.rename.skidInsts                   13406                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu31.memDep0.insertedLoads               6226                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu31.memDep0.insertedStores               579                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu31.memDep0.conflictingLoads             163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu31.memDep0.conflictingStores             56                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu31.iq.iqInstsAdded                    26674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu31.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                55                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu31.iq.iqInstsIssued                   25087                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             408                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          3722                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu31.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        21753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.153266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      0.964643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              8709     40.04%     40.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              1001      4.60%     44.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             12043     55.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            2                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         21753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               14660     58.44%     58.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               3076     12.26%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               6986     27.85%     98.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               365      1.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.FU_type_0::total                25087                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu31.iq.rate                         0.854142                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu31.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu31.iq.fu_busy_rate                        0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            72333                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           30463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu31.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        23417                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu31.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu31.iq.int_alu_accesses                25087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu31.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             11                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          970                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          236                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu31.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1496                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu31.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu31.iew.iewSquashCycles                  124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu31.iew.iewBlockCycles                  1007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu31.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 712                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             26732                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                6226                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                579                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               27                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   19                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu31.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 647                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu31.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu31.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           42                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu31.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           71                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu31.iew.branchMispredicts                113                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecutedInsts               25004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                6932                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu31.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu31.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_nop                           3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_refs                       7292                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_branches                   2767                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_stores                      360                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu31.iew.exec_rate                   0.851316                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu31.iew.wb_sent                        23449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu31.iew.wb_count                       23417                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu31.iew.wb_producers                   19548                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu31.iew.wb_consumers                   33863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu31.iew.wb_penalized                       0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu31.iew.wb_rate                     0.797283                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu31.iew.wb_fanout                   0.577267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu31.iew.wb_penalized_rate                  0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu31.commit.commitSquashedInsts          3661                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu31.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            42                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu31.commit.branchMispredicts             107                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        21222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.084111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.927371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        12234     57.65%     57.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         4212     19.85%     77.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2010      9.47%     86.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          970      4.57%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          137      0.65%     92.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          614      2.89%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::6           32      0.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           49      0.23%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          964      4.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        21222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu31.commit.committedInsts              22642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu31.commit.committedOps                23007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu31.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu31.commit.refs                         5599                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu31.commit.loads                        5256                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu31.commit.membars                        18                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu31.commit.branches                     2725                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu31.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu31.commit.int_insts                   20340                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu31.commit.function_calls                 38                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          14333     62.30%     62.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          3075     13.37%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          5256     22.85%     98.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          343      1.49%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.op_class_0::total           23007                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu31.commit.bw_lim_events                 964                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu31.rob.rob_reads                      46796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu31.rob.rob_writes                     53933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu31.timesIdled                            48                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu31.idleCycles                          7618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu31.quiesceCycles                     114951                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu31.committedInsts                     22642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu31.committedOps                       23007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu31.cpi                             1.297191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu31.cpi_total                       1.297191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu31.ipc                             0.770896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu31.ipc_total                       0.770896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu31.int_regfile_reads                  38150                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu31.int_regfile_writes                 18092                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu31.fp_regfile_writes                    160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu31.cc_regfile_reads                   91149                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu31.cc_regfile_writes                  15807                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu31.misc_regfile_reads                  7457                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu31.misc_regfile_writes                   56                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          18.651582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.total_refs              5376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.191617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu31.data    18.651582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu31.data     0.018214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.163086                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           11680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.tags.data_accesses          11680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu31.data         5077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          5077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu31.data          296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu31.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu31.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_hits::cpu31.data         5373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_hits::total           5373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_hits::cpu31.data         5375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_hits::total          5375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu31.data          318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu31.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu31.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu31.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu31.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_misses::cpu31.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_misses::total          348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_misses::cpu31.data          349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_misses::total          349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data     18322696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18322696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data      5845246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5845246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data       293971                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       293971                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data        39500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu31.data       671489                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       671489                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu31.data     24167942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     24167942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu31.data     24167942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     24167942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu31.data         5395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu31.data          326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu31.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu31.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu31.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu31.data         5721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu31.data         5724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.058943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.092025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.092025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.060829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.060971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 57618.540881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57618.540881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 194841.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194841.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 29397.100000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29397.100000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data  4937.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4937.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 69448.109195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69448.109195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.data 69249.117479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69249.117479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2590                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.521739                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu31.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu31.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu31.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu31.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu31.data          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      9292277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9292277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data      1888502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1888502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data       259029                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       259029                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data       652011                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       652011                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data     11180779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11180779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data     11190279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11190279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.029842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.030589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.data     0.030748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 57716.006211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57716.006211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data       134893                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       134893                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 25902.900000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25902.900000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data  3812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 63890.165714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63890.165714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.data 63581.130682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63581.130682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu31.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu31.icache.tags.tagsinuse           7.737276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu31.icache.tags.total_refs              2947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.sampled_refs              53                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.avg_refs           55.603774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu31.inst     7.737276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu31.inst     0.015112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.015112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.103516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu31.icache.tags.tag_accesses            6079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu31.icache.tags.data_accesses           6079                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu31.inst         2947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          2947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_hits::cpu31.inst         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_hits::total           2947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_hits::cpu31.inst         2947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_hits::total          2947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu31.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_misses::cpu31.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_misses::cpu31.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      8028499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8028499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      8028499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8028499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      8028499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8028499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu31.inst         3013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu31.icache.demand_accesses::cpu31.inst         3013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_accesses::total         3013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_accesses::cpu31.inst         3013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_accesses::total         3013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.021905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.021905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.021905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 121643.924242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121643.924242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 121643.924242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121643.924242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 121643.924242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121643.924242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu31.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu31.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu31.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu31.inst           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6882001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6882001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6882001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6882001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst      6882001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6882001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.017590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.017590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu31.inst     0.017590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 129849.075472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129849.075472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 129849.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129849.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu31.inst 129849.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129849.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu31.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               39                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu16.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu16.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu17.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu17.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu18.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu18.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu19.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu19.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu20.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu20.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu21.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu21.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu22.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu22.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu23.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu23.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu24.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu24.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu25.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu25.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu26.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu26.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu27.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu27.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu28.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu28.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu29.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu29.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu30.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu30.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu31.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu31.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        38016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu16.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu16.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu17.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu17.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu18.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu18.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu19.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu19.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu20.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu20.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu21.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu21.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu22.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu22.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu23.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu23.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu24.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu24.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu25.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu25.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu26.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu26.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu27.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu27.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu28.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu28.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu29.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu29.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu30.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu30.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu31.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         3392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu31.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  226176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             5708                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              9727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                   63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::18                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::19                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::20                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::21                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::22                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::23                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::24                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::25                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::26                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::27                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::28                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::29                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::30                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::31                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::32                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::33                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::34                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::35                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::36                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::37                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::38                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::39                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::40                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::41                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::42                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::43                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::44                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::45                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::46                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::47                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::48                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::49                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::50                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::51                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::52                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::53                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::54                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::55                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::56                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::57                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::58                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::59                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::60                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::61                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::62                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::63                   9727    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::64                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value              63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              63                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                9727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11034945                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              15.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3154750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            4193743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer5.occupancy             270750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer5.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer6.occupancy             935478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer6.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer9.occupancy             267750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer9.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer10.occupancy           1087825                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer10.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer13.occupancy            269250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer13.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer14.occupancy           1125406                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer14.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer17.occupancy            271750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer17.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer18.occupancy           1059838                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer18.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer21.occupancy            268000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer21.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer22.occupancy           1054115                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer22.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer25.occupancy            271500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer25.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer26.occupancy           1039144                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer26.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer29.occupancy            272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer29.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer30.occupancy           1057918                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer30.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer33.occupancy            274000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer33.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer34.occupancy            923971                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer34.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer37.occupancy            269500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer37.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer38.occupancy           1032883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer38.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer41.occupancy            270750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer41.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer42.occupancy           1060847                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer42.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer45.occupancy            268750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer45.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer46.occupancy            984389                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer46.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer49.occupancy            268250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer49.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer50.occupancy            966467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer50.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer53.occupancy            269500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer53.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer54.occupancy           1025367                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer54.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer57.occupancy            275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer57.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer58.occupancy           1063960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer58.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer61.occupancy            269500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer61.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer62.occupancy            985377                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer62.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer65.occupancy            266750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer65.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer66.occupancy           1033334                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer66.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer69.occupancy            262750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer69.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer70.occupancy            957221                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer70.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer73.occupancy            274250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer73.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer74.occupancy           1019676                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer74.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer77.occupancy            262500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer77.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer78.occupancy            980885                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer78.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer81.occupancy            271250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer81.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer82.occupancy           1037650                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer82.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer85.occupancy            269250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer85.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer86.occupancy            960665                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer86.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer89.occupancy            282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer89.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer90.occupancy           1071668                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer90.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer93.occupancy            274250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer93.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer94.occupancy           1046425                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer94.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer97.occupancy            275500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer97.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer98.occupancy           1068604                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer98.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer101.occupancy           280500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer101.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer102.occupancy           973634                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer102.utilization            1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer105.occupancy           291250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer105.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer106.occupancy          1130895                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer106.utilization            1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer109.occupancy           291250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer109.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer110.occupancy           953420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer110.utilization            1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer113.occupancy           284750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer113.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer114.occupancy          1101318                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer114.utilization            1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer117.occupancy           284750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer117.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer118.occupancy          1120895                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer118.utilization            1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer121.occupancy           270500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer121.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer122.occupancy           929442                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer122.utilization            1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer125.occupancy           279499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer125.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer126.occupancy           976681                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer126.utilization            1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
