m = 1
1 threads
Done
system.cpu.numCycles                            64572                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       14870                       # Number of instructions simulated
m = 2
1 threads
Done
system.cpu.numCycles                            64772                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       15130                       # Number of instructions simulated
2 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                           68352                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       34402                       # Number of instructions simulated
m = 4
1 threads
Done
system.cpu.numCycles                            65750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       16577                       # Number of instructions simulated
2 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                           68802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       36584                       # Number of instructions simulated
4 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                           70210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       71222                       # Number of instructions simulated
m = 8
1 threads
Done
system.cpu.numCycles                            69246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       25255                       # Number of instructions simulated
2 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                           72024                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       46558                       # Number of instructions simulated
4 threads
Done
8 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                           75830                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      175044                       # Number of instructions simulated
m = 16
1 threads
Done
system.cpu.numCycles                            92759                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                       86730                       # Number of instructions simulated
2 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                           86637                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      108485                       # Number of instructions simulated
4 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                           83467                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      149794                       # Number of instructions simulated
8 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                           84207                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      235986                       # Number of instructions simulated
16 threads
Done
system.cpu00.numCycles                          89939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      495586                       # Number of instructions simulated
m = 32
1 threads
Done
system.cpu.numCycles                           242006                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      547019                       # Number of instructions simulated
2 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                          173093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      572355                       # Number of instructions simulated
4 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                          137461                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      611285                       # Number of instructions simulated
8 threads
Done
system.cpu0.numCycles                          123291                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
sim_insts                                      710768                       # Number of instructions simulated
16 threads
Done
32 threads
Done
